OKJA Written by Bong Joon Ho and Jon Ronson INT. CEO OFFICE, MIRANDO COMPANY HEADQUARTERS, MANHATTAN AFTERNOON SUBTITLES: 10 years ago. 2006. An expansive, modern CEO office. Late afternoon sunlightpierces the 74th floor of the Mirando Company. The company'sgreen tree logo covers one of the walls. A woman stands at the window, her back filling the SCREEN.She looks down at the lesser Manhattan skyscrapers. This isLUCY MIRANDO (40s). On the window are arrows pointing at the various Mirandosubsidiaries scattered throughout Manhattan: Mirando OrganicHarvesting, Mirando Peachy Delight Baking Company, MirandoChemicals, Mirando Tenderloin Fine Dining Supplies, MirandoBiotech, Mirando Hungry Pirates Burgers, MirandoTransformatives, Mirando Happy Pups Good Boy! Treats. Lucy's breath mists over the arrows. She mumbles to herselfin a small voice, practicing some kind of speech. A hand reaches in - holding a cosmetics brush - and begins togently brush Lucy's face. From O.S a spray of HAIR SPRAY coats Lucy's hair. WIDE: Lucy is surrounded by a MAKEUP ARTIST, a HAIR STYLISTand MIRANDO COMPANY EMPLOYEES, including Lucy's seniorassistant FRANK DAWSON (60). MAKE-UP WOMAN I'm a huge fan. Lucy looks at her, surprised. MAKE-UP WOMAN (CONT'D)Of your Tenderloin Fricassee readymeal. They both glance at an ADVERTISING POSTER framed on the wall -a photograph of a FARMER gently stroking a cow's face. Theslogan: THE SECRET INGREDIENT IN OUR TENDERLOINS? TENDERNESS. MAKE-UP WOMAN (CONT'D)So what's all this about? The reporters out there... FRANK Ms. Mirando doesn't want to have a conversation right now, dear. 2. LUCY (Smiling)It's okay, Frank. I'm not mysister! (To the Make-Up Lady)I am announcing a miracle. INT. CONFERENCE ROOM, MIRANDO COMPANY HEADQUARTERS - DAY The conference room is packed with REPORTERS and TV CREWS. A spotlight shines on a small potted tree in the corner ofthe stage. It looks uncannily similar to the Mirando Companylogo. Lucy stands on the stage. She's charismatic, modern, maybeslightly vulnerable. The sight calls to mind a Steve Jobsproduct launch or Gwyneth Paltrow delivering a TED talk. LUCY On a Spring morning three years agoa Chilean farmer named Senor Victor Zamora Villacorta was tending tohis pigs when he chanced uponsomething very strange. A beat. Lucy has the reporters' attention. Lucy outstretchesher long, graceful arm and clicks on the touchscreen behindher. A PHOTOGRAPH fills the screen of a CHILEAN FARMER posing forthe camera. He looks wise, old, kind - straight out ofChilean Farmer Central Casting. LUCY (CONT'D)I recently had the opportunity tomeet with Senor Villacorta at his hilltop farm. Each time Lucy says Senor Villacorta's name, she does so with a slight Chilean twang. LUCY (CONT'D)We sat out on his porch and drankwine as the sun went down. Another PHOTOGRAPH appears on the screen, this time of Lucyand Senor Villacorta drinking wine at sunset. A picture-perfect rustic setting. LUCY (CONT'D)He said the sweetest thing to me."Lucy! (MORE) 3. LUCY (CONT'D)Why couldn't this miracle havehappened forty years ago when I waslooking for a wife! I could havemarried a supermodel!" Well, I'm sorry Senor Villacorta. It turns out we don't choose when we get tosave humanity. Lucy makes a peculiar hand gesture. The words "SavingHumanity" appear on the screen in hundreds of languages, invarious styles of calligraphy. LUCY (CONT'D)(urgently)The world's population is at sevenbillion. 805 million of our fellow humans struggle with hunger eachday, including 30 million righthere in the United States. A PHOTO-MONTAGE of WORRIED-LOOKING HUMANS from across the globe fills the screen behind Lucy. They look lost, helpless,in need of a leader. LUCY (CONT'D)And by 2050? We'll somehow have tofeed a staggering 9.6 billionpeople. The world is running out offood and we are not talking aboutit. We needed a miracle. And then we got one - on Senor Villacorta's little hilltop farm. The lights dim. Music swells. LUCY (CONT'D)Say hello to Mary. A photograph fills the screen of Senor Villacorta cradling aVERY ODD-LOOKING PIGLET in his arms. The room falls silent as the fascinated Reporters stare at the very odd piglet. LUCY (CONT'D)All the other piglets in the litterwere normal. But this peculiarlittle lady turned out to be aboutthe least normal thing you canimagine. Our scientists at theMirando Ranch in Arizona have been raising Mary with love and careever since, observing her andperforming various studies. And Ican tell you the results right now.(MORE) 4. LUCY (CONT'D)(Beat)Mary is like nothing on earth. FRANK watches Lucy speak from below the stage. He quietlymouths 'like nothing on Earth' in time with her. LUCY (CONT'D)And so, please welcome to the stagethe inspirational ... Senor VictorZamora Villacorta! SENOR VILLACORTA walks onto the stage and stands in hispredesignated spot. He's dressed in his full farmer's outfit.There's a smattering of dutiful applause from the reporters. SARCASTIC REPORTER Uh, no offence to Senor... LUCY Villacorta. SARCASTIC REPORTER But we'd prefer to see the pig. LUCY (Smiling)You will. But not yet. BRITISH REPORTER You're announcing the birth of theworld's most amazing pig and you'renot showing us the pig? You're atemptress! The British reporter gives Lucy a sleazy, misogynistic grin.Lucy responds with a mock-scolding look. BRITISH REPORTER (CONT'D)(Winking)You're much more fun than the last Chief Executive! LUCY Of course I am. Peter. Yes, she's my sister, but Nancy and I are verydifferent human beings with verydifferent business ethics. Verydifferent. The only thing we shareis our last name. Lucy smiles, but her composure is slightly rattled. A question from the audience ends the brief silence. 5. REPORTER C What's so great about this piganyway? LUCY She has an impressive reproduction rate. The Reporters look underwhelmed. LUCY (CONT'D)(A small smile)A regular sow averages five or sixpiglets in a litter and two littersin a year. Mary has mated with oneof our best hogs while she’s beenliving with us in Arizona, andshe’s had a few piglets. Would youcare to see them? Lucy makes a hand gesture. A FILM fills the screen of A HUNDRED very odd-looking piglets grazing the beautiful,grassy acres of the Mirando Ranch. A beat while the reporters take it in. Then the room ERUPTSwith a volley of QUESTIONS and CAMERA FLASHES. Under the stage, Frank SMILES. This is going exactly to plan. SARCASTIC REPORTER How the hell did one pig have somany babies? LUCY (Beat)She got big. The reporters take in the implication. LUCY (CONT'D)And her babies are going to get big too. REPORTER B Show us a picture of the big pig! LUCY (Smiling)Simon! Patience! Last week we sent twenty-six of Mary's Super Pigletsto the twenty-six countries aroundthe world where our Mirando branch offices are located. 6. The screen behind Lucy becomes a colorful world map. Throughcool graphics we see the Super Piglets being spread to NewZealand, Brazil, France, Sweden, Spain, Germany, Denmark,South Korea, Japan, South Africa, and so on. LUCY (CONT'D)Each piglet was given to anesteemed local farmer. A PHOTOMONTAGE of SUPER PIGLETS being handed by MIRANDOEMPLOYEES to charismatic-looking FARMERS in picture-perfectlocations. Faces of all shapes and colors. A testament to theglobal nature of the project. LUCY (CONT’D)I have asked each farmer to raise their special guests in a naturalenvironment with the utmost care, honoring traditional techniquesunique to their respectivecultures. My top scientists at theMirando branch offices will be on hand to offer whatever support isrequired.(beat)And now we have a competition! On the word 'Competition' the colorful world map reappears onthe large screen behind Lucy. The faces of the Local Farmersappear over the map. LUCY (CONT'D)These little piggies will be theforebears of a whole new species!From these, we’ll pick the mostexceptional specimens and developthem into a super breed! Arevolution in the livestock industry! And one local farmer willrear the biggest and most beautifuland special one! The Ultimate SuperPig! But which farmer will it be?Will Denmark win? New Zealand? That's my bet! But I'm no expert.(beat)But I know someone who is! The judging panel will be led by noneother than the wonderful Dr. JohnnyWiseman - TV’s most popularzoologist and veterinarian - andthe new face of the Mirando Company! The reporters are taken aback. 7. REPORTER Johnny Wiseman’s working forMirando now? LUCY Let’s remind ourselves of Dr. Johnny’s work. The screen behind Lucy fills with a MONTAGE of famous clipsfrom the HUGELY SUCCESSFUL TV show DR. JOHNNY’S MAGICAL ANIMALS: A GORILLA throws straw in DR. JOHNNY’s face. Dr. Johnnylaughs uproariously. Dr. Johnny lies underneath an ELEPHANT,washing its underside. The elephant takes a shit on Dr.Johnny's face. Dr. Johnny shrieks with laughter. Dr. Johnnycuddles a Panda. Throughout it all we hear upbeat music - MAGICAL, MAGICALANIMALS! The MONTAGE ends. LUCY (CONT’D)(to the screen)Oh Johnny!(to the reporters - alittle chilly)He's just hilarious. REPORTER How did you get Johnny Wiseman working for you? SARCASTIC REPORTER Deep pockets, right?! LUCY (smiling)We're just delighted to have him!(beat)When the competition reaches itsclimax, Dr. Johnny will crown thewinner at a Magical Animals livetelecast right here in New YorkCity! THAT'S when we'll unveil ourSuper Pigs to the world! And,believe me, it'll be worth the wait. Senor Villacorta is still standing on his spot - awkwardly -nobody paying him any attention. 8. REPORTER How long will the wait be? When dowe get to see the big pigs? For a beat, Lucy looks like she doesn't know what to say.Then she recovers. LUCY Ten years. ELDERLY REPORTER Ten years?! Jesus Christ. I'll bedead by then! BRITISH REPORTER This has to be the longest beautycontest in world history! If it wasMiss America all the girls would beold and ugly by the end! They'd beputting the crown on the head of awizened old hag! The sleazy British Reporter grins and looks around, pleasedwith himself for his joke. Frowns from a few of the female reporters. LUCY I don't think 10 years is aterribly long commitment, giventhat we’re developing an entirelynew, scientifically ground-breakingspecies that will single-handedlyremedy the planet’s food shortagecrisis! Our super pigs will notonly be big and beautiful, they'llbe designed to leave a minimalfootprint on the environment,consuming less feed and forage,producing less excretions. But mostimportantly ... Lucy creates a long, expectant beat. LUCY (CONT'D)They'll need to taste fucking good. A Pig-Faced Reporter blurts out ... PIG-FACE Goddamn right! Lucy and the other reporters laugh. The atmosphere is merry. 9. Frank laughs and claps loudly as music begins to flow throughthe speakers - The Isley Brothers' HARVEST FOR THE WORLD. ...All babies together, everyone a seed, half of us aresatisfied, half of us in need... Love's bountiful in us, tarnished by our greed, when will there be a harvest for theworld? LUCY Ten years. That's when there'll be a harvest for the world. Thank you. Words drift across the screen: 'The Super Pig Project.''Saving Humanity.' 'Harvest for the World'. INT. BATHROOM / HALLWAY, MIRANDO COMPANY HEADQUARTERS - DAY Lucy Mirando slumps on the toilet with a cigarette in hermouth, sans makeup. She is web-searching articles on hercutting edge 2006 flip phone. Press photos of her dancing to“Harvest For the World” pass through the screen. She beginsmouthing words to herself. We don't know whether she'sreading the article or reliving her speech. The phone begins to ring and the name "Nancy Mirando" flashesacross the screen in bold letters. Lucy debates whether toanswer before shutting it. CUT TO: Lucy washes her hands in front of the mirror. She feelssomething behind her and turns around to find... Frankawkwardly holding out his phone. LUCY What is it? FRANK It's Nancy.(looking at Lucy)She said you weren't answering... LUCY (hushed voice)Are you working for me, or her?Jesus, Frank. Lucy's outburst barely affects Frank, who stares back with aninnocent face. Lucy takes the phone. LUCY (CONT'D)Hey, sis! How's London? 10. A LONG SILENCE. We hear Nancy breathing down the phone. LUCY (CONT'D)(beat)Are you angry? Another hard silence. LUCY (CONT'D)(trying to keep it light)Come on, Nance! Don't be angry!Talk to me! NANCY (V.O.)(finally)I think Denmark's going to win. LUCY (happily)Really? Why do you think Denmark? A small, cold chuckle from Nancy. LUCY (CONT'D)Are you mocking me? Please don'tmock me. (beat)Nance? NANCY (O.S.)Yes, Luce? LUCY (awkwardly)What I did today... Do you thinkDad would have liked it? NANCY (V.O.)Oh, Lucy, sweetheart. Poor darling.Dad would have thought you were atotal cunt. CUT TO: Lucy walks out of the bathroom and hands the phone to Frankwaiting by the door. An EXTREME WIDE SHOT of Manhattanskyscrapers. We see Lucy as a small dot as she walks down theinfinite hallway. MAIN TITLES TITLE OVER BLACK: "OKJA" 11. The STREET NOISE and sounds of AIRPLANES are replaced bymeditative SOUNDS OF NATURE - the mountain breeze and chirping birds. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. MOUNTAIN - DAY A thick forest sits at the foot of a mountain range thatstretches for miles. SUPERIMPOSE TITLE: "The Present Day. 2016." SUPERIMPOSE TITLE: "South Korea." When the TITLE disappears, we notice a tiny white dot movingin the woods far ahead. A person? An animal? EXT. WOODS - DAY A SMALL GIRL carefully climbs down the hill, a straw sackover her shoulder, her face a mix of street-smart stubbornness and innocence. She is MIJA. We hear BUSTLING behind her - and see a VERY LARGE and VERY STRANGE-LOOKING ANIMAL unsteadily tiptoeing down the hill. Itis a fully grown SUPER PIG -OKJA. Okja clumsily makes her way down the hill, looking terrified. She steps on a thorny chestnut bur and immediately freezes.She looks back and forth between Mija and her foot with ablank expression. She looks silly - the hugely oversizedcreature with her foot daintily raised. Mija immediately runs over and plucks the chestnut bur fromOkja's foot. Okja blows through her nostrils in relief, stillwearing the same blank expression. She is awesome in size,but slow, and doesn't appear very intelligent. EXT. PERSIMMON TREE, WOODS - DAY From atop the hill, Mija looks down at a tree in the bottom.It teems with ripe orange persimmons. MIJA Go! On Mija's command, Okja enters frame and runs downhilltowards the tree. But she trips over her feet and beginstumbling and tumbling until... 12. ...she hits the tree trunk. THUMP. The tree is nearly pulledout of the ground. Ripe persimmons fall everywhere. Okja raises herself, unfazed by the impact. Mija scuttlesdown and gathers the persimmons in her straw sack. She picksup the largest one and throws it to Okja, who snaps up herchin and catches it like a dog catching a tennis ball. CLOSE ON Okja's silly, innocent face as she moves herhumongous jaws, savoring the juicy persimmon. EXT. STREAM - DAY Mija peers into the water. She looks up and waves at Okja(O.S.) - indicating a part of the stream where the water isdeepest. Suddenly, Okja's colossal body fills the SCREEN as she fliesacross the air toward Mija. She splashes into the water,sending a mini-tsunami in all directions. Like when an obese person jumps into a small tub, copiousamounts of water and FISH flow over the banks. The fish flaparound frantically. Mija quickly picks out the larger ones,puts them in the sack and throws the little ones back intothe stream. Quick and efficient. A familiar routine. With her eyes and nostrils barely poking out of the water,Okja takes a leisurely swim. Mija takes off her clothes andjumps in. They swim under the blissful autumn sunlight. Anidyllic moment. It feels like time has stopped. Okja suddenly climbs onto a large rock. She shakes off thewater like a dog and tightens, arching her body. Her largeears point up in a peculiar fashion. Mija catches the'signal'. MIJA No! Wait! Okja glances at her and freezes. Mija quickly swims upstreamuntil - at a safe distance - she gives Okja the 'OK' signwith both hands. With that... Okja's epic pooping begins. It is similar to the pooping of hippopotamuses. Okja spinsher short tail like a helicopter as she projects fecal matterin all directions. A spectacular scene, with countless piecesof shit flying across a wide radius. The excrements fall inthe water and fish gather around the pieces to feed on them.The 'circle of life' in full effect. 13. Okja jumps back in the water and the fish gather around herbottom. They swim gracefully as a school, chasing afterwhatever is left behind by Okja. EXT. NEAR THE STREAM - DAY Okja is sprawled on a rock next to the stream, taking a nap.Mija sleeps on Okja's belly, moving up and down every timeOkja takes a breath. Whenever Okja shifts, Mija adjusts,somehow maintaining her position on the belly. We notice a small BLACK BOX the size of a cell phone attachedto Okja's ear. EXT. MIJA'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Mija's grandfather, HEE BONG (70), carries firewood, gettingready to make dinner. The sun is falling fast. Hee Bong lookstoward the mountains with concern. HEE BONG (Shouting)Mija! Where are you? EXT. STREAM - CONTINUOUS Hee Bong's voice echoes through the mountains. Inside Mija'sstraw sack, half-submerged in water, a fish peeks through thechestnuts and persimmons, still breathing. Mija jolts awake. She looks around blankly before realizingshe slept too long. She shakes Okja awake. Okja spreads openher humongous jaws and yawns. MIJA (to Okja)We're late for dinner. We'll take the short cut. Okja responds with a distinctive SQUEAL. EXT. TRAIL/CLIFF - DAY The short-cut is narrow and borders a steep incline. Mija andOkja hurry down it. Mija notices that the rope around Okja'sneck is hanging limply off her. She turns to re-tie it,suddenly SLIPS, and FALLS down the incline, the rope in herhand. She slides towards a SHEER DROP. 14. She grabs a nearby scrub, which holds her for a moment, thenSNAPS in her hand. She continues sliding, the cliff edgeapproaching sharply... Okja looks blankly down. Then she suddenly steps on her endof the rope. Mija's plummet abruptly STOPS. She danglesprecariously over the cliff -her life barely preserved bythe tip of Okja's foot. Okja lowers her enormous snout toward the rope, trying topull Mija back up with her mouth. But her mouth and tongueare large and unwieldy. Okja struggles until - in a suddenmove - she twists her neck and successfully bites the rope.But as she does, she loses balance and begins sliding downthe incline. Still desperately holding onto the rope, Mija immediatelydrops several feet in the air. Then she suddenly STOPS. She looks up and sees Okja peeking over her, having slid allthe way to the edge of the cliff. The rope is tightlystretched between them. Large drops of drool escape throughOkja's fiercely clenched teeth and fall onto Mija's body. With an emphatic umph, Okja steps backwards, the rope in hermouth. She somehow manages a few strenuous steps. But then arock that had been anchoring her foot suddenly comes looseand she begins sliding again. Mija SCREAMS as she goes into a free fall. Okja shrieks tooas she slides towards the SHEER DROP. Suddenly, Okja spots a large tree stump below. With the ropeclenched in her mouth, she twists and steers her body towardsthe stump. Right before reaching the edge, she coils herselfand jumps over to the other side of the stump. Okja FALLS OFF THE CLIFF. But the rope hung over the stumpforms a pulley mechanism. And so - as Okja dives headlongwith the rope in her mouth - Mija is pulled up by Okja'sweight. As Okja falls and Mija rises, they lock eyes at the midpoint.A fleeting moment of desperate, longing sadness. When Mija reaches the tree stump, Okja unclenches her jawsand lets go of the rope - PLUMMETING towards the woods below. MIJA (Screaming)OKJA! 15. Okja plummets further, until she's swallowed up in the greenleaves. Mija's heart breaks as she watches Okja fall aftersaving her life. MIJA (CONT’D)OKJA! There is no answer from below. EXT. FOREST BELOW THE CLIFF - DAY The forest is densely packed with trees. Mija desperatelysearches for Okja, but she is nowhere to be found. MIJA OKJA! The echo dies out, and the forest is once again silent. Weonly hear the BUZZING of insects and the CHIRPING of birdsuntil... ...we hear a huge FART from somewhere in the woods. Mijaquickly turns toward the sound. She sees Okja through thetrees - casually chomping on grass, completely unaffected bythe fall. Mija runs over with a huge smile, happily swingingthe straw sack on her shoulder. MIJA (CONT'D)Okja! Are you okay? Mija checks everywhere on Okja's body for injuries. As shedoes, Okja slowly slinks to the ground and lies on her back.She lets out a MOAN and pretends to be hurt while shecontinues to chew on the grass. She holds up her rear footand begs for attention, like a little child. Mija looks ather foot. She sees a fresh scar near Okja's hip, blood oozing from it.She picks out a ripe persimmon from her sack and peels it.She takes the soft inner part and rubs it gently againstOkja's wound. The soft, moist sensation soothes Okja and sheslowly closes her eyes. Her chewing slows as well. MIJA (CONT'D)You like that? Okja MOANS in pleasure. MIJA (CONT'D)You saved my life. Again. Okja SQUEALS in response. 16. It looks like they're really talking to each other. Mijaholds up Okja's large, floppy ear and whispers something. Wecan't hear what, but the soft whisper, combined with the lateafternoon sunlight, leaves us with an achingly beautifulfeeling. Okja nods as if responding to whatever Mija said. EXT. MIJA'S HOUSE - EVENING CLOSE ON a dinner table. Wild greens, potatoes, boiled eggs,pan-seared fish in the middle. It's the fish Mija caught atthe stream earlier. Hee Bong and Mija sit in the living roomand chow on the dinner. HEE BONG (out of the blue)Uncle Mundo says he's coming by tomorrow. MIJA To collect the money? For Okja? HEE BONG I already sent the money to the company. MIJA Right. So Okja is ours now. Hee Bong nods. Mija smiles. MIJA (CONT'D)So why is Uncle Mundo coming?Paperwork? Without answering, Hee Bong turns away and switches on anancient tube television. A soccer game is on. HEE BONG Damn. The first half is almost over. The screen blinks on and off with static. Hee Bong slaps theside of the set, making it normal again. With his eyes on thesoccer match, he picks up his spoon to eat when the screenblinks and dissolves into static again. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Son of a... MIJA Great! Now we can buy a new TV! 17. Hee Bong goes over to the TV. He raises his hand to strike itagain when... BUZZ. The screen returns. It's as if the TV isafraid of Hee Bong. HEE BONG This one's perfectly fine. MIJA (pouting)Such a tightwad... Behind Mija's disgruntled face, we see Okja poking her headout of the shed to drink water from the bucket. Hee Bongretrieves a half-drunk bottle of soju and opens it. Hecarefully pours the soju into the cap, and with tremblinghands, lifts the tiny cap brimming with soju. INT. MIJA'S ROOM - LATE NIGHT It's silent except for the sound of insects. We see the picture frames on the wall. A story spanning ten years. There's a Mirando Certificate with Hee Bong's picture printedon it. It reads in English: Congratulations farmer HEE BONG!Raise your Super Pig with love and care! Love, Lucy Mirando. There's 6-year-old Mija hugging her Super Piglet. There's 12-year-old Mija tightly hugging the fully grownOkja. Mija sleeps with a comic book open in front of her. A soundwakes her up. She looks toward a tiny window in the corner ofthe room. The window opens directly to the shed where Okja iskept. We see Okja's massive butt through the window. She keepsshifting her tail, bothered by the itching in the woundedarea. The tail is too short and hardly reaches the wound. Mija picks up a back scratcher from the floor. She attaches along bamboo stick to the end and sits in front of the tinywindow. She yawns as she pokes the stick through the windowand scratches the area around Okja's wound. Mija begins to doze. She closes her eyes. 18. EXT. STREAM, MOUNTAIN - DAY MUNDO PARK (39) hikes up along the stream, covered in sweat.Dressed in a suit and tie, he carries a bag that bears the'Mirando Korea' logo. He stops for breath, and looks down themountain behind him. He takes out his phone. The signal ispoor, and he holds up his phone at various angles beforefinally getting a bar and dialing. WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)Hello? MUNDO (Into the phone)Where are you? What's taking you solong? WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)(Out of breath)We're all so out of shape. And Dr.Johnny is being... somewhatdifficult. MUNDO (Surprised)Dr. Johnny? But he's so much fun onTV! WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)(Thinly)Right. On TV. But not in the water. MUNDO Water? WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)He dove into the water saying hecouldn't stand the heat. Now he won't come out. (quietly)Aw, disgusting. I think he’s doinga secret piss. EXT. FRONT YARD, MIJA'S HOUSE - DAY Hee Bong stands at the faucet and pours water into a bucket.He turns off the faucet almost as soon as he turns it on. Still thinking he poured too much, he pours off a little intothe basin before handing the bucket to Mundo. Mundo gulpsdown the water, thoroughly covered in sweat. Mija washes Okja in the front yard. 19. HEE BONG (quietly)I thought a bunch of you werecoming. Mundo glances down the hill. MUNDO They're coming. MIJA (calling over)It's nice to see you, Uncle Mundo.Why are you here? Mundo steals a glimpse at Mija. MUNDO (silently mouthing)You didn't tell her? Hee Bong looks away without answering. Mundo looksfrustrated. He walks over to Okja. Mija claps and gives asign to Okja, who obediently sits on the ground. Mundoremoves the small black box on Okja's ear and unlocks thewaterproof casing. He opens it to reveal various computerchips and SD card slots. He removes the SD cards and plugs them into his laptop.Numbers and graphs showing data about Okja's health abound onthe screen: "Blood Pressure," "Temperature," "Heart Rate."The clean, design-conscious interface of the "Mirando SuperPig Health/Growth Management" software. Mija looks over Mundo's shoulder, lustily eyeing his brand new Macbook when... We suddenly hear someone SHOUT in English. JOHNNY Fuck me! (panting)All right. I'm here. I'm fuckinghere, goddamn it. Hee Bong, Mija, and Mundo all turn their heads. A large manstruggles up the steep incline, bitching and moaning all theway. This is Dr. JOHNNY WISEMAN. MIJA (eyes wide)It's that guy! From TV! 20. She runs excitedly to Hee Bong - leaving Okja at the back ofthe yard. MIJA (CONT'D)(to Hee Bong)It's him, right? From MagicalAnimals! JOHNNY You... (panting)You just had to...(panting) ... drag me all the way up to thisfucking mountain top. MIJA (To Hee Bong)He came to meet Okja even thoughshe isn't in the competition anymore! He must think Okja is thatspecial! Mundo looks uneasy. Johnny suddenly notices Mija. Then he is abruptly back to hispanting and bitching. JOHNNY All the other Super Pigs were onflat land, accessible by car.Japan's Super Pig was about a fiveminute drive from the airport. Inotice that you leave the fuckingmountain top Super Pig to the endbecause you knew the climb wouldrile me. Well, guess what? I'mriled. Johnny's companions stand around awkwardly. There's JENNIFER,the Marketing Director from Mirando HQ (30s, American). She wears a DSLR over her neck. And there's a Korean TV crew -CHANG (35), the cameraman, and CHOI (26, female) theinterpreter/assistant. Choi looks back and forth between Johnny and Hee Bong, tryingto smile the awkwardness away. JOHNNY (CONT'D)Well, can someone at least bring mesome water? Given that I am about to be filmed for fuckingtelevision? 21. Choi RUSHES over to the faucet and begins to pour. JOHNNY (CONT'D)Not sparkling water. I don't wantto belch my way through thebroadcast. CHOI I don't think they have sparklingwater here. (to Hee Bong)Excuse me, sir, if you don't mind.Dr. Johnny's a bit thirsty from thehike. But Johnny spots Hee Bong's green soju bottle. He stomps overand snatches it up. JOHNNY Soju... Before Hee Bong can react, Johnny cracks open the bottle anddowns the soju in one swig. HEE BONG Ah, I was saving that... Johnny lets out a refreshed, drunken sigh. Hee Bong looks on,devastated. Mija stifles her laughter. Johnny spots Okja for the first time. As he does hispersonality changes totally - he looks INCREDIBLY EXCITED. JOHNNY There she is! CHOI This is Okja! JOHNNY She's wonderful. He rushes over to Okja and begins caressing her body. This isreal, touching enthusiasm. JOHNNY (CONT'D)(softly)Just perfect!(furiously, to Chang the cameraman)Well, fucking film me! You can'tfake these emotions. 22. CHOI (yelling at Chang) Film him! Chang hurriedly switches the camera on and dances around,fishing for the right angle. Jennifer snaps away on her DSLR. JENNIFER (to Choi)Get him his doctor's coat! Choi hurriedly retrieves a white doctor's coat from her bag.It has the Mirando logo emblazoned on it. She scurries overto Johnny and helps him into it. Johnny continues to caress Okja - her well-developed muscles,faultless skin, and taut curves, his expression one of awe. JOHNNY (to the camera)Ten years ago twenty-six localfarmers in twenty-six far-flungcountries were each given a superpiglet. This year I've traveled toeach of the twenty-six farms tomeet the Super Pigs and decidewhich one will be invited to the BEST SUPER PIG FEST in New York City, where they'll be unveiled tothe world! MIJA (to Hee Bong)What's he saying? JENNIFER Shhh! They're filming! Johnny looks at Hee Bong with sincere respect, giving him abig thumbs up. JOHNNY You've done an incredible job. Hee Bong doesn't need a translator to understand. He holds uphis thumb. Jennifer is ecstatic. This is exactly what shewanted. JENNIFER (to Chang)Pan from Johnny to the old man! 23. CHOI (to Chang) Pan! Chang pans from Johnny to Hee Bong. JENNIFER (to Johnny)This is it! The moment of mutual trust between Mirando's very ownDr. Johnny and the esteemed localfarmer. JOHNNY (to Hee Bong)She's truly exceptional. HEE BONG (a thick Korean accent)Ssank you so much. JOHNNY How did you do it? What was yourmethod? Choi translates. 'Uh…' Hee Bong thinks. A brief silence aseveryone watches Hee Bong. HEE BONG I just... uh, let her run around isall. Hee Bong laughs. Choi translates. JOHNNY (to the camera)He just let her run around! Howbeguiling!(beat)I'm not supposed to do this... Imean I'm supposed to go back toAmerica and examine all the data before making my decision and yadayada yada... But... Johnny winks at the camera. JOHNNY (CONT’D)(dramatically)Jennifer? Two medals please. Chang pans to Jennifer as she takes out two 'Best Super Pig'medals and hands them to Johnny. 24. Johnny puts one medal over Hee Bong's neck and another overOkja's neck. Okja BLOWS in Johnny's face, covering his face with drool.Johnny responds with his trademark UPROARIOUS LAUGH. JOHNNY (CONT'D)(to Okja)We have our winner! Ready for thefestival in New York City? MIJA What's going on? JOHNNY One more medal please! Jennifer hands another medal to Johnny. Johnny walks over toMija. JOHNNY (CONT’D)A special medal for a special ladywho I’m sure helped raise the SuperPig too in her own special way! Johnny ceremoniously puts the medal over Mija’s neck. JOHNNY (CONT’D)Get some cutaways of the pig! Chang dutifully does. After he's gone, Johnny talks quietlyto Mija. JOHNNY (CONT'D)I'm sorry I was kinda grumpy when Ifirst arrived on your farm. Being atelevision presenter can bestressful. Mija looks blank - she has no idea what he's saying. As Chang gets cutaways of Okja, Mundo tries to squeeze intothe frame. JENNIFER Hey! No! With a hand gesture, Jennifer shoos Mundo out of the shot. Mundo lingers awkwardly. He walks over to Hee Bong andWHISPERS something in his ear. 25. JOHNNY (still talking to Mija)I always have to be 'on'.Especially now I find myself the'face of the Mirando Corporation'!How did that even happen?! Hee Bong grabs Mija's hand and takes her to the corner of theyard. MIJA What? HEE BONG I... Let's go visit your mom anddad up there. MIJA Now? Why? I want to watch this. HEE BONG They appeared in my dream lastnight, said they missed you. Hee Bong pulls the reluctant Mija uphill. HEE BONG (CONT’D)(pointing to the group)They’ll be here for a while. Come on. EXT. CEMETERY - DAY The sun shines on two burial mounds lying side by side in thequiet woods. Hee Bong and Mija pluck weeds and dust off thetombstone. MIJA I can't remember their faces... Hee Bong looks at Mija with pity. He sighs. HEE BONG It's been so many years. Just thetwo of us, living here in themountains. MIJA (cold)Not two. Three. HEE BONG Sure! Okja too. Our little fatty. 26. Silence. Hee Bong takes out a box from his pocket and opensit. Inside the box is a gold pig, the size of an adult fist.Mija regards it quizzically. MIJA What's that? HEE BONG A gold pig. 100% real gold. Mija, confused. HEE BONG (CONT'D)So pretty, don't you think? In theold days the elders would give thisgold pig to their daughters as awedding gift. Take it. It's yours. MIJA Why are you giving me a gold pig? Hee Bong hands the gold pig to Mija. He points downhill withhis chin. HEE BONG Well, you're not getting married,but... since Okja will be leavingus and going far away... You can keep this gold pig instead of her. MIJA What? Mija stares blankly with the gold pig in her hands, still notunderstanding. HEE BONG They're here to take Okja. MIJA Okja? HEE BONG Yeah. The competition's nearlyover. So they're taking all theSuper Pigs back to the company. MIJA But Okja's ours. We bought her fromthem. You sent them the money! HEE BONG That... (turning away)(MORE) 27. HEE BONG (CONT'D)It didn't work out so well. I couldn't buy her. That's why Ibought this pig instead. This goldpig... MIJA (disbelieving)No... HEE BONG We can't do anything about it.Especially not now. They said thatOkja was selected as the best pig.They have big plans for her inAmerica... MIJA America...? HEE BONG (nods)She'll be spending the night inSeoul, and tomorrow she'll be on a plane to America. She's a celebritynow! (laughs)Going all the way across thePacific! Hee Bong lets out an exaggerated laugh as he carefullysearches for Mija's reaction. Mija is in utter shock. HEE BONG (CONT'D)(sternly)Mija! You're nearly a grown woman,and to be honest I wasn't too keen on seeing you playing with that pigall day. You should go to the town,maybe meet a boyfr... Mija throws the gold pig at Hee Bong's foot and rushes downthe mountain. EXT. MIJA'S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON Mija runs out of the trees and arrives at the house to findit completely empty. The dirt in the yard is wildly printedwith footprints. We can picture how Okja must have beendragged away. The hairs stand on Mija's body. MIJA OKJA!!! 28. Mija shouts at the top of her lungs. Her voice echoes alongthe massive ridges of the mountain but goes unanswered. Mijabegins to run - with the urgency of a sprinter. EXT. FOREST - LATE AFTERNOON Mija runs down the mountain with great speed and athleticism,having grown up roaming these hills. She runs her legs off -through the trees, over the rocks, and through the air acrossthe stream. The branches scratch and scar Mija's face but shecontinues running, gaining speed. But Okja and her escorts are nowhere to be seen. EXT. BEGINNING OF HIGHWAY - SUNSET Mija stands at the point where the highway begins. She looksfar ahead at a sedan and a large container truck - just dots.Mija breathes heavily, exhausted from her run. A tear formsin her eye. The truck containing Okja rounds the bend anddisappears to the other side of the mountain. INT. MIJA'S HOUSE - NIGHT CLOSE ON a large cauldron sitting on top of a fire hole,steam rising from it. Hee Bong opens the lid, and we see awhole chicken inside the boiling water. Hee Bong addscinnamon, ginger, and vetch to the pot. He hears someoneentering and pokes his head out of the kitchen. He sees Mijacrossing the yard limply, eyes swollen from crying and cheeksstreaked with dirty tears. Mija stomps past Hee Bong andtowards her room, scattering the chickens away. INT. MIJA'S ROOM, MIJA'S HOUSE - NIGHT Hee Bong pokes his head inside the room. He carefully openshis mouth. HEE BONG You must be hungry. I made yourfavorite - chicken stew. No answer. Mija can't seem to put a stop on her emotions.She sobs as she undresses. Hee Bong becomes embarrassed andturns his head, but Mija doesn't care. She continues to takeoff her pants and her socks. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Go clean up, and let's have somechicken stew. (MORE) 29. HEE BONG (CONT'D)I put in all the herbs that aresupposed to be good for you. Mija continues to sob as she removes a training suit from herdrawer. She puts it on along with fresh socks. Hee Bong looksat her curiously. Mija takes out a red fanny pack from thedrawer. HEE BONG (CONT'D)What are you doing? Mija still doesn't answer. Her face is a grotesque mess oftears and snot. She puts the fanny pack around her waist. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Where do you think you're going? MIJA Seoul... HEE BONG What? MIJA I'm going to bring Okja home. HEE BONG Are you crazy? Seoul? In the middleof night? Do you even know how muchit costs to go to Seoul? Mija picks up a large piggy bank from the top of the chest.She raises it high and throws it to the floor with surprisingstrength. The piggy bank shatters into pieces, unleashing avast sea of coins. Hee Bong gasps. Mija continues to sob as she sweeps the coins into her fannypack and pockets. There are a few bank notes in there too.She bites them between her lips. Hee Bong comes into the room and tries to stop her, but Mijathrows him to the floor. Hee Bong has had enough. He stands and begins franticallyshoving the coins under the furniture with his feet. He looksridiculous. And it's pointless. Mija has already filled herfanny pack. She zips it up and heads fast towards the door. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Don't you dare leave this room! Mija turns and stares at him. 30. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Look. I miss Okja too. Mija's eyes instantly swell with tears at the thought ofOkja. HEE BONG (CONT'D)But she's an animal. They all haveto go sometime. Hee Bong grabs a permanent marker from Mija's desk and startsdrawing lines over the photograph of Okja - the one whereshe's being hugged by Mija. With rough strokes, he dividesOkja's body parts like a butcher's meat chart. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Blade shoulder, loin, spare rib,hock. This is what she is! Mija cries even louder - this is deeply disturbing to her.She pushes Hee Bong away and runs out into the windy frontyard. Hee Bong runs after her and manages to grab her. MIJA (yelling)No! As Mija yells, the bank notes she was biting between her lipsaccidently fly away in the wind. Hee Bong instinctivelythrows himself toward the money. Mija uses the opportunity to run away, dashing into the darkwoods. Hee Bong belatedly realizes his mistake and runs after her -but she is GONE. He breathes heavily as he stands in theblack windy forest, the bank-notes clenched in his fist. HEE BONG MIJA - ! Hee Bong's voice echoes throughout the woods. Instead ofMija's answer... A cacophony of CITY NOISES begin to crowd our ears. INT. SUBWAY TRANSFER TERMINAL, SOMEWHERE IN SEOUL - DAY As the NOISE reaches a crescendo, we see a wide staircase filled with SUBWAY PASSENGERS transferring between lines. 31. Black heads filling the SCREEN move in a single direction.One of the heads turns and looks around - Mija. INT. PLATFORM, SUBWAY STATION - DAY Mija stares hopelessly at the large subway map on the wall.The subway lines are intricately spun like spider webs. Theyresemble Mija's tangled hair and her utterly confused state. She somehow identifies her destination on the sprawling mapand takes out a coin from her fanny pack, inserts it in theticketing machine. The fanny pack is a promotional gift fromMirando. Mija makes note of the Mirando Korea address andphone number printed on the inside. EXT. ENTRANCE, MIRANDO KOREA OFFICES - DAY A white, clean interior brightly lit by fluorescent lights.Mija stands up against the glass door and peers inside. Wesee an empty front desk with the Mirando logo and a pottedtree that has the exact silhouette of the logo. The lobby is silent until... CLICK, CLICK. A skinnyRECEPTIONIST clicks her high heels into the lobby and returnsto her seat. Mija tries to make eye contact, but the Receptionist looksdown at her smartphone and doesn't look up. Mija - feelinginvisible - KNOCKS on the glass. The Receptionist finally raises her head and sees Mija's wildappearance. She points to a guest phone attached to a standin front of the entrance. RECEPTIONIST (mouthing the words)Use the phone... Suppressing her anger, Mija picks up the receiver and pressesthe 'call' button. We hear upbeat music as the automatedvoice speaks in Korean/English. AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)Welcome to Mirando Korea! If youwould like to know the number of the department you are looking for,press #7. If you would like tospeed-dial your party, press *24 toswitch to voice recognition mode. Mija presses the button. 32. AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)After the beep, please clearlystate the name of the person youare looking for. MIJA Mun, Do, Park. AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)Sorry, I did not hear you. Pleaseclearly state the name. Mija holds the receiver with both hands. MIJA Mun! Do!! Park -- !!! AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)Sorry! I did not hear you. Please clearly state the name... Mija screams her lungs off, hoping the Receptionist willnotice her frustration. The Receptionist gets up and casuallywalks into the back office. MIJA (yelling)Wait! The Receptionist disappears without answering. The front deskis empty again. Mija closes her eyes and takes a deep breath to calm herself.She suddenly begins walking backwards. She spins the fannypack to her side and fully zips up her training suit. Shestands at the opposite end of the long hallway, staring atthe Mirando Korea entrance. Suddenly... She begins to run... She charges ahead with explosive speed. Upon nearing theentrance, she accelerates even more and throws herself into the glass door. THUMP! Mija's body collides with the door, and the entireglass wall vibrates from the tremendous impact. The door remains intact while Mija bounces off and tumbles onthe floor. BEEP! BEEP! The security system is activated. TheReceptionist hurries out to the lobby. She sees Mija on thefloor, MOANING. 33. RECEPTIONIST (startled)Oh my God! Are you okay? Looking down at the fallen Mija, the Receptionist presses thebutton of the automatic door. The moment she does, a spiderweb begins to spread on the glass, and soon the huge glassdoor begins to come down in a cascade of shards. The Receptionist SCREAMS as tiny, sharp particles pour ontothe floor. Mija immediately leaps up and charges into theoffice, bumping into the Receptionist on the way. TheReceptionist grabs onto the tree that looks exactly like theMirando logo as she tumbles onto the floor. Dirt pours out ofthe pot, revealing the bizarre-looking root of the tree. Werealize it was a plastic tree all along. INT. MIRANDO KOREA OFFICES - DAY Mija runs frantically down a MAZE of LONG, EMPTY FLUORESCENTLIT CORRIDORS. It's creepy and corporate - the stuff ofconspiracy theory nightmares. MIJA (yelling)Uncle Mundo! Okja! Mundo! The maze finally opens into a large, brightly lit office.She sees rows and rows of desks - BUT NOT ONE EMPLOYEE. She runs through the cubicles, looking around. MIJA (CONT'D)(yelling)Uncle Mundo! Okja! MIJA'S POV: A poster on the wall, advertising Mirando's Super Pigproject. The copy 'Harvest For The World' accompanies apicture of hundreds of fully grown Super Pigs feeding on thegrassy acres of the Mirando corporate Ranch in Arizona. To Mija the sight is deeply unsettling. It's like seeinghundreds of Okjas. At that moment, we hear a SQUEAL. Is it the real Okja?! Mija runs toward the sound but is caught by an ELDERLYSECURITY GUARD. She throws him off, sending him into theground. Now it's the RECEPTIONIST'S turn. She leaps at Mija -but Mija evades her with great athleticism, jumping overdesks and cubicles. 34. Mija runs into a conference room and locks the glass door. INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - CONTINUOUS Mija runs to the window. MIJA'S POV: A PARKING LOT, invisible to the outside world. Mundo and UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES are dragging a chained and ropedOkja towards a large trailer. The Mirando uniforms are surprisingly BRIGHT and COLORFUL andVIBRANT looking. Okja is desperately resisting - but to no avail. EXT. PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS The OFFICE EMPLOYEES have vacated their desks to form a gallery in the parking lot. They're all busy taking selfies with Okja in the background. MUNDO (yelling at them)Hey, put your selfie sticks away!This is classified! Those are direct orders from HQ in America! The Employees reluctantly lower their selfie sticks. MUNDO (CONT'D)I don't want to see any of those onInstagram. INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS MIJA (banging on the window)Okja!!! Okja!!! It's like the scene in The Graduate where Ben bangs on thewindow at the wedding -"Elaine! Elaine!" - except Mundo andthe Mirando Employees don't notice Mija. The glass is toothick and soundproofed. We can see she's yelling, but theycan't hear a thing. Mija's eyes are alight with fury. The Security Guard and theReceptionist are unlocking the door when Mija charges towardthem and throws herself at the door, knocking them to theground. 35. With fierce determination, Mija runs toward the elevator... EXT. TRAILER - PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS As the Uniformed Employees struggle to tie the violentlyresisting Okja in place, Mundo puts his face against Okja'sand raises a selfie stick. He makes his best cute face as he takes a picture. INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - MOMENTS LATER Mundo climbs in the passenger seat. MUNDO (To the driver)Let's go. The driver is KIM (24). The truck begins to move with a hugeroar. Mundo scans Kim up and down, suspicious. Slight frame,baby face, distracted eyes. Something about him is just...off. MUNDO (CONT'D)You've got a commercial driver'slicence, right? KIM (Nonchalantly)Huh? MUNDO A licence to drive a heavy goodsvehicle. A Class A truck? Kim smiles blankly without answering. He steers the truckroughly out of the parking lot and into the outside world. As he does, we see Mija bolting out of the main entrance. EXT. STREETS NEAR MIRANDO KOREA - DAY Mija runs with wild desperation as the truck disappears intothe distance. But it soon slows down to merge onto a largerroad and Mija accelerates with all her might until shereaches a point where the road continues downhill but thesidewalk remains level with the buildings. She runs alongsidethe truck until... ...she boldly jumps and - THUMP - lands on the roof of thetrailer. 36. INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS THUMP. Okja looks up at the sound. She SQUEALS and hikes upher head. The Uniformed Employees also look up curiously.Okja can feel Mija's presence above her. She touches theceiling with her face as she continues to SQUEAL. EXT. TRAILER ROOF, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Mija balances herself on the moving trailer. Through thefluttering strands of her hair she sees an overpassapproaching. INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Mundo sees the overpass. It seems very low. He looks over atKim, who drives, still looking blank. MUNDO What's the height of this truck? Kim gives Mundo a listless, nonchalant look. KIM Uh, they did tell me... it was, uh... Still, Kim doesn't slow down. The overpass approaches fast. The sign that indicates theheight comes into view: 4.2 meters. Mundo stares at Kim. EXT. TRAILER ROOF, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Mija drops to her stomach. She lies flat and closes her eyes. The truck blasts through. INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS KIM I guess they said it was less than4.2 meters. Mundo wipes his sweat, relieved. 37. EXT. TRAILER ROOF, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Mija sits up. She made it. Just. INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Kim continues to floor the gas pedal with a blank face. Mundo looks ahead and sees another overpass quicklyapproaching. This time the sign reads 3.9 meters. MUNDO (Yelling)The height! Can. You. Remember? Kim slowly shakes his head and indicates his foggy memory. KIM (mumbling)I can't... They made me drink alot at the staff dinner last night... The overpass approaches. Mundo turns white. He instinctivelyshrivels his body like a squid on a grill. EXT. TRAILER ROOF, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Wind batters Mija's face. She squints and looks ahead at theoverpass. Her muscles tense as she instinctively sensesdanger. INT. CAB, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Mundo is too paralyzed to speak. Kim floors the pedal withthat dead expression on his face. The 3.9 meter overpassapproaches fast. INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS Okja lets out a piercing SQUEAL - as if calling for Mija.The Uniformed Employees cover their ears. EXT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS As Okja SQUEALS, Mija runs toward the back of the trailer.The overpass is about to slam the back of her head when... 38. ...Mija jumps and hangs onto the rear door handle of thetrailer. SPARKS fly as the trailer roof scrapes against the undersideof the overpass. The horrible sound of metal scratchingagainst concrete, Mundo's scream, and Mija's shoutingoverwhelm our ears at once. Dangling from the handle, Mija BANGS on the rear door of thetrailer. INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS The Uniformed Employees stand up to investigate the bangingwhen they get caught between Okja's massive body and thetrailer wall. They scream in pain as Okja twists her giganticbody towards Mija. Mija and Okja cry for each other. I/E. MIRANDO TRUCK - CONTINUOUS MUNDO What was that noise? But Kim is preoccupied by something different - somethingVERY STRANGE occurring O.S. His eyes widen. MUNDO (CONT'D)(Beat)What? Mundo follows Kim's startled stare to the side of the truck. MUNDO (CONT'D)(yelling)TERRORISTS?! A black semi is driving purposefully alongside the Mirandotruck. The two occupants - both staring at Mundo - arewearing BLACK SKI-MASKS. One wears a SUIT underneath, the other a casual JACKET. JACKET (broken Korean)I'm not terrorist... Nice meet you. But his strange accent, along with the wind noise and roar ofthe trucks engines, make it impossible for Mundo and Kim tounderstand him. 39. MUNDO What? JACKET I don't want hurt you. I don't likefighting. Stop car! MUNDO (to Kim)What the hell are they saying? JACKET I said I don't like fighting. Comeon, guy. Just cooperate.(to the Suit)Shit. Fucker doesn't even understand my Korean... The Suit just looks at the Jacket - his eyes are a curiouscolor. The Jacket rolls up the window. He fixes his ski mask andabruptly turns the handle. SLAM. The black semi rams into the side of the Mirando truck. Mundo screams like a girl. The Mirando truck gets sandwiched between the black semi andthe underpass wall. Sparks FLY. Nearby DRIVERS react with horror as the two mammoth trucksduel. Horns blare everywhere. Amidst the chaos the Suit never loses his composure,remaining cool, silent. The Jacket abruptly turns the steering wheel and delivers thefinal blow. The Mirando truck smashes against the wall. The violent shaking makes Mija lose her grip on the rear doorhandle. She tumbles onto the asphalt and screams in pain. The cars behind her screech and turn to avoid her - adding tothe chaos. The Mirando truck is finally forced to a STOP. The black semi's trailer door opens and FOUR more peopledressed entirely in black and wearing ski-masks come runningout - although ONE of the four is noticeably THINNER andSLOWER than the others. They carry various tools. One carriesa bolt cutter. 40. The Uniformed Mirando Employees open the trailer door and areimmediately ambushed by the Black Assailants. The Assailant with the bolt cutter severs the chains bindingOkja to the trailer. The Mirando employees watch him,compliantly. Mundo and Kim are trapped in the cab - sandwiched between thewall and the black semi. Mundo desperately tries to open thedoor. The Suit leaves the black semi and walks towards Kim and Mundo. They watch his approach with curiosity. He beginsshaking a SPRAY PAINT CAN in his hand. He sprays black paint onto the spotless white front end ofthe truck. He seems to be writing something. MUNDO What the... But Kim finds the whole situation amusing. MUNDO (CONT'D)Are you smiling? KIM (Nonchalantly)I'm just watching the destructionof Mirando property. Kim laughs. Behind the truck, the Black Assailants drag Okja towardstheir trailer. Okja desperately looks around for Mija. But she can't see heranywhere. Traffic is at a standstill. DRIVERS in the opposite lane havestopped their cars to take pictures and record video of thisbizarre sight. Suddenly, among the pileup of cars, a girl ARISES. It isMija. She limps to a car and climbs onto its roof. Her bodyis covered in grazes but she is undeterred. She takes a deep breath and blows hard on her WHISTLE. Okjasuddenly turns her head as she is being dragged away. Okja and Mija finally see each other. 41. Despite her injuries, Mija dashes toward Okja. But Okjacannot move. The Black Assailants have her locked down with ropes. Okja tips her body and rolls over the Black Assailants. Theyscream - crushed by the weight. Okja and Mija beeline toward each other. They REUNITE,OVERJOYED. Like a gunslinger jumping onto a running horse ina Western, Mija grabs the rope tied to Okja's body andswiftly jumps onto her back. Okja pulls an abrupt U-turn and runs toward the open roadwith Mija on her back. The Suit gives a hand signal to the Black Assailants. Theyregroup under the Suit's command and board the truck. Theychase after Okja. MUNDO (To Kim)Follow them! KIM (mumbling)Fuck it. What do I care? I’m leaving this shit country soon. MUNDO What did you say? KIM (pulls keys out ofignition and tosses them)You know what? I DO have a commercial driving license, but mytemporary contract doesn’t cover mefor workplace injuries. Everything finally makes sense for Mundo. He opens the doorand runs out. MUNDO You want a workplace injurycompensation package? Mundo starts RUNNING in the direction of Okja. MUNDO (CONT'D)(Over his shoulder to Kim)Then you’d better start showingsome LOYALTY to this COMPANY! And THIS IS WHAT COMPANY LOYALTY LOOKS LIKE! 42. As Mundo proudly yells this he loses his footing and SLAMSinto a PARKED CAR - knocking himself UNCONSCIOUS. EXT. UNDERPASS EXIT - MINUTES LATER The point where the underpass joins the open road. Okja runsat full speed with Mija on her back while the black semichases them, quickly closing the gap. The Uniformed Employeesbelatedly join the chase carrying tranquilizer guns. Mundoholds onto his head as he tags along. MUNDO (to the UniformedEmployees)Hurry your asses up! Whoever getsthem first, I'll recommend for a permanent contract! With fullwelfare benefits! No bullshit! The Uniformed Employees consider this, and look at each otherawkwardly. But only momentarily as they start running at fullspeed. We see police cars approaching from across the intersectionwith sirens blaring. Mija quickly changes direction and ridesOkja toward an underground passage. INT. UNDERGROUND PASSAGE / UNDERGROUND SHOPPING CENTER Okja enters the passage and stumbles down the concrete steps.She’s never climbed stairs before and is anxious about it. PEDESTRIANS scream and scatter at the sight of the giant pig. MIJA Sorry... Get out of the way!! The Suit, the Jacket, and a few of the black assailants follow Okja into the underground. The Pedestrians panic evenmore at the sight of threatening men in ski masks. TheUniformed Employees follow in with tranquilizer guns, addingto the pandemonium. INT. UNDERGROUND SHOPPING CENTER - CONTINUOUS SHOPPERS and SHOP OWNERS scream in horror. Shoes, makeup,clothes and mannequins are blasted into the air as Okja blows past. A PART-TIME STUDENT dressed as a PINK PIG distributes flyersin front of a newly opened snack bar decorated with colorfulballoons. Dance music blares in the background. 43. He sees the enormous pig hurtling toward him. He beginsrunning for his life - the huge pig face still over his head.As he runs, he desperately fishes for an angle with hissmartphone - trying to film a video of Okja and himself. As Okja makes a sudden turn, her foot gets caught in aclothing rack jutting out of the corner. She falls on top ofglass plates displayed before the adjacent store. A loudCRASH. Mija is thrown off Okja's back, landing head first onthe floor. The Jacket breaks from his group and rushes to Mija's side,propping her up. Mija looks dazed from the impact. JACKET Hey! You okay? The Suit turns around to see Uniformed Mirando Employeesaiming their tranquilizer guns at Okja! He picks up one of the panels displayed in front of thenearby frame shop. The tranquilizer dart flies through theair and sticks on the panel. THUNK. The other assailants also pick up panels, and the subsequent barrage of darts all fallon panels printed with the images of celebrities. While the Uniformed Employees hurriedly reload their guns,the Suit gives a quick hand signal to his group. The blackassailants begin charging toward the Employees liketerrorists in an ambush. The Suit calmly walks over to the injured Okja and grabs herankle. He is caring as he touches Okja, having a natural easearound animals. He immediately locates the broken piece ofglass lodged in Okja's foot. He quickly and painlessly plucksit out - like when Mija removed the chestnut bur from Okja'sfoot back in the mountains. Mija watches, impressed. MIJA Who are you guys? INT. UNDERPASS - CONTINUOUS KIM ALF... Animal Liberation Front? Kim searches 'A.L.F.' on the Google browser of hissmartphone. He looks at the spray-painted "A.L.F" on thefront of the Mirando truck. 44. INT. UNDERGROUND SHOPPING CENTER Instead of answering, the Jacket lifts his t-shirt and shows Mija a TATTOO - a balaclava-wearing, angel-winged AnimalLiberation Front member embracing a lamb in his arms. Mija stares blankly at the tattoo as POLICEMEN come runningfrom the opposite end of the passage with tear gas gunsdrawn. The group - along with Okja and Mija - stand and run. Thepolice give chase. The Jacket sees a passage that leads to a garage. He directsthe other members towards it and shouts into the phone. JACKET Underground garage! Zone 3! INT. UNDERGROUND GARAGE - CONTINUOUS The group bolt out of the door just as the black semi speedstoward them from the opposite side. The back doors of the trailer are already open and Mija jumpsin first. She gives a sign to Okja, who climbs in with greatdifficulty. The A.L.F. members push Okja's behind with theircombined strength. Again, ONE seems frailer than the others.Once Okja is inside, the Assailants climb aboard. The Police finally arrive and haphazardly fire their tear gasguns, but to no avail. The black semi speeds away, the backdoors still swinging open, the policemen running patheticallyafter them. Suddenly a man squeezes through the group of Policemen andleaps to the front with tremendous speed. It is none otherthan MUNDO, with the UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES runningbehind him. Mundo chases the semi with fierce determination. The A.L.F. members watch with mild curiosity. Okja suddenly bends her body and perks up her ears as sheturns to Mija. Mija stares in disbelief. MIJA Now? Mija sighs. 45. MIJA (CONT'D)Well, I guess you've been holdingit in for a long time. Mija gives Okja the sign. Okja begins pooping. The scale is beyond epic. Her tail spins like a propeller as she unleashes a veritable'shit storm.' Mundo has nearly closed the gap when he'sBOMBARDED with countless pieces of shit. Two A.L.F. members look on as Mundo cries in horror. A.L.F. MEMBER 1 I never tire of the way they shit. A.L.F. MEMBER 2 Could watch it all day. The black semi reaches the exit. It smashes through the gate -leaving Mundo a dejected shit-covered blob in the distance. INT. TRAILER - CONTINUOUS Mija hugs Okja's face tightly. The A.L.F. members - still in their ski-masks - watch them. MIJA (Whispering)I'll never leave you again. JACKET (Translating)I'll never leave you again. MIJA I’m taking you back to themountains. JACKET (Translating)I’m taking you back to themountains. Mija glances suspiciously at the Black Assailants in theirski-masks. FEMALE A.L.F. MEMBER Stop with the creepiness, K. JACKET What? I’m not being creepy. 46. FEMALE A.L.F. MEMBER You don’t think that’s creepy?Translating everything she’s sayingin your balaclava and your eerieman’s voice? JACKET (Thinly)The mission is no longer as we’dplanned it because the girl showedup so I’m providing the team withunfolding intel. And BY THE WAY. This isn’t my “eerie man’s voice”.It’s my VOICE. SUIT (With quiet authority)Shhh! The bickering A.L.F. members dutifully shut up. The Suit walks over to Mija. He crouches to her eye-level and takesoff his balaclava. He is JAY - good-looking, serious (30s). As he removes his balaclava, the other A.L.F. members take off theirs. They're all younger than Jay, in their 20s. Jay introduces each member to Mija. Jacket is K (Asian). Thewoman is RED. The two others are men -BLOND and SILVER. Each are named after the color of their hair. Silver looks sweet, but socially awkward, very thin. Red and Blond look restless. JAY ...And my name is Jay. K TRANSLATES for Mija - word-for-word. MIJA I’m Mija. And this is Okja. K (chuckling)Mija. Okja. Those are like old-fashioned names. That’s sweet. Jay gives K a “so what” look. Awkward silence. JAY We are animal lovers. We rescue animals from slaughterhouses, zoos,labs. We tear down cages and setthem free. This is why we rescuedOkja. Mija bows politely. 47. MIJA Thank you so much. Jay speaks in an overly formal manner as he fixes hisnecktie. JAY For forty years our group hasliberated animals from places ofabuse. Jay gestures to K. K removes a mini-tablet from his jacketand shows it to Mija. CLOSE on the mini-tablet. OLD ARCHIVE FILM of the A.L.F. smashing down doors with hammers and crowbars and rescuingthe caged animals inside. JAY (CONT'D)We inflict economic damage on thosewho profit from their misery. Wereveal their atrocities to the public. And we never harm anyone -human or non-human. That is our forty year credo. THUMP. Jay turns at the sound of something falling and seesSilver barely being held up by Blond. He looks pale, sickly. JAY (CONT'D)Are you okay, Silver?(to Blond)He didn't eat anything even today? BLOND (shaking his head)He's still trying to leave thesmallest footprint he can on theplanet Earth. SILVER (weakly)All food production isexploitative. BLOND (exasperated)What about tomatoes? SILVER Ripened with ethylene gas.Transported in trucks. 48. JAY I admire your conviction, Silver,but your pallid complexion worries me. Jay turns to Mija. JAY (CONT’D)How long have you and Okja livedtogether? MIJA Since I was four. At this the group let out a low sigh. JAY Do you know where she was beingtaken? MIJA To America. The Best Super PigFest. JAY Yes. But she was being takensomewhere else first. Mija. Youneed to prepare yourself.Everything you believe you knowabout Okja is a lie. Mija instinctively reaches out to touch Okja. JAY (CONT'D)Okja's other destination was... K presses the screen on his mini-tablet. We see PHOTOGRAPHSof a WAREHOUSE. It looks ABANDONED. But it's surrounded bybarbed wired fences and AMERICAN SECURITY GUARDS. JAY (CONT'D)This underground laboratory inParamus, New Jersey. This is thebuilding where Okja was created. Mija frowns - then grins. MIJA No, Okja was born on a ranch inArizona. Her mother was born in Chile. On a beautiful farm. 49. JAY Okja was created in this lab. Sowas her so-called 'mother'. This is where Mirando experiment with theirgenetically mutated animals. Mija looks troubled. JAY (CONT'D)They're looking to develop thebreed that will generate them thebiggest profit. In that very lab.You and the other local farmers across the world are justpromotional devices for them - justa picturesque backdrop. MIJA Backdrop? SILVER They make everything seem cosy. Butit's not cosy. It's never cosy. JAY Mirando know their consumers won't eat mutant GM foods. So ten yearsago their 'beautiful' headpsychopath Lucy Mirando - who bythe way became CEO by forcing outanother psychopath named NancyMirando in a fucked-up coupd'état... Anyway, they went into the laboratory and dug aroundamongst all the disfigured,misshapen creatures to unearth theprettiest ones. As K quietly translates, he shows Mija more photographs ofthe laboratory's innocuous-looking exterior. JAY (CONT'D)And then - big fanfare - she sentthem around the world. K pulls up a file on his mini-tablet. It's VIDEO of Lucy'spress conference from ten years ago. We see the photographsof the SUPER PIGLETS being handed to farmers across theworld. We see Lucy on the stage... REPORTER When do we get to see the big pigs? 50. For a tiny moment, Lucy looks like she doesn't know what tosay. Then she recovers. LUCY Ten years. K pauses the video - a freeze-frame of Lucy, a triumphantglint in her eye. JAY You know why she said ten years? Toconsolidate power. The longer theproject's duration, the longershe'd get to be at the top, runningthings. RED And those were the ten years youspent with Okja. Mija stares blankly, her face crowded with conflictingemotions. JAY And now the ten years are nearlyup. They've been franticallybreeding super pigs and soon thesupermarkets will be filled withtheir flesh and organs. Dog food,hot dogs, bacon... K translates clearly for Mija. JAY (CONT'D)Our plan is to put a stop to theirproject by exposing the lab and itscrimes against animals. But to do so, we need video from inside -footage of the horrible atrocitiesbeing committed in the lab. Andthere's a problem. Mija is now completely immersed in the story. She looks athim intently. JAY (CONT'D)The security is impenetrable. Othergroups have tried and failed to getin. (Beat)But there is a way. Although wewill only go ahead with it if yougive us your consent. 51. At this, K stops translating and stares at Jay. So do theother A.L.F. members. Jay nods. BLOND (protesting)If this kid doesn't give herconsent, we're going to abandon themission? JAY (to K)Please don't translate. Hold on. (to everyone)We do not harm any non-human orhuman. This little girl is Okja'sfamily and I will not harm her byforcing a mission upon her that shedoes not consent to. RED We have to abort just because someman from the 1970s wrote a fucking'credo'? BLOND Tradition doesn't make a movement strong. SILVER (coughing violently)WE make a movement strong. Jay looks around coolly at his riled up colleagues. Hedoesn't have to raise his voice. His quiet charisma instantlysubdues everyone. The trailer, once again silent. JAY (Calmly)If that's how you feel callyourself something else and not theA.L.F. and don't come around here anymore. The members look abashed by Jay's words. Jay quietly gazesinto Mija's eyes. JAY (CONT'D)In order to expose Mirando we needvideo from inside the laboratory... K hesitates briefly before continuing to translate. 52. JAY (CONT'D)And this is where your Okja comesin. The Mirando scientists are dying to get their hands on her attheir underground lab. Their starsuper pig! They’re desperate to puther through a slew of tests.(Beat)Which is why we've made this. K removes a small, black electronic device from his pocketand shows it to Mija. JAY (CONT'D)It looks exactly like the black boxon Okja's ear, right? But this onehas a transmitter that will wirelessly send their video feed to us. We want to replace the deviceon Okja's ear with this, so Okjacan send us a live feed from inside the laboratory. K (in Korean - to Mija)It will be like Okja's hiddencamera show! Mija is still confused. MIJA You want to send Okja to America?To this laboratory? JAY (nodding)I'm sorry. That was indeed ourplan. Rescue Okja, replace theblack box, and let Mirando retake Okja. Mija can't believe what she's hearing. JAY (CONT'D)But don’t worry. They won't hurtOkja. They wouldn't dare. She needsto be perfect for their beautypageant. Whatever tests they'll doon her in there will need to be harmless. Mija nods but looks concerned. 53. JAY (CONT'D)You have to trust us. We've been planning this mission for a longtime. We have a detailed plan onhow to rescue her from the event in New York City. We promise to bringher back to you. We hear POLICE SIRENS growing closer in the background. Jaycarefully puts a hand on Mija's shoulder. JAY (CONT'D)If our mission succeeds we'll be able to shut down Mirando's SuperPig project completely. We'll besaving millions of Super Pigs likeOkja from death. Jay looks straight into Mija's eyes, pleading earnestly. Mijalooks straight back. JAY (CONT'D)But we won't do it without yourapproval. Mija looks at Jay with a grave expression. The police sirensin the distance get louder... JAY (CONT’D)What is your decision? K translates the last question in a solemn voice. MIJA I'm going back to the mountain withOkja. She says it just like that - bluntly and squarely. In Korean,it sounds even more blunt and square. K tries to hide hissurprise, speechless. Jay and the other members eagerly awaithis translation. K takes a deep breath before saying... K She agrees to the mission. Neither Mija nor the A.L.F. members notice K's lie. The members applaud vigorously. Jay gives her a warm, sincerehug, deeply moved. Mija stands there, not knowing what justhappened. JAY Thank you. 54. The SIRENS are closer than ever. The members put on their balaclavas. K opens the small sidedoor of the trailer. Cold wind rushes in. He yells into his cell phone: K Go!! He takes out a Ziplock bag from his pocket and puts his mini-tablet and iPhone in the bag. The members form a single filebefore him and deposit their own cell phones into the bag. EXT. RIVERSIDE EXPRESSWAY - EVENING The sun has nearly set. The black semi races through the darkriverside road. We see police cars and Mirando security carschasing after it with SIRENS blaring. The semi steers toward the railing, so close that we plainlysee the dark river below. While other A.L.F. members hesitate nervously, Silver limps to the door and fearlessly jumps offthe truck. SILVER Aaaaah - !! INT. TRAILER, BLACK SEMI Motivated by Silver, Blond and Red dive off after him. Jay isthe last one to put his cell phone in K's Ziplock bag. He turns to Mija. JAY Till we meet again. Jay swiftly dives out of the truck. K winks at Mija as hecloses the Ziplock bag bulging with cell phones. EXT. RIVERBANK, HAN RIVER - EVENING A BIKER riding along the bank looks up in surprise when ablack figure jumps from the expressway above and SPLASHESinto the water. SPLASH, SPLASH. Columns of water go up, andthe black figures subsequently swim out of the water one byone. JOGGERS stop and watch the bizarre spectacle. 55. EXT. RIVERSIDE EXPRESSWAY / TRAILER, BLACK SEMI - EVENING Once K jumps, the A.L.F. member who was driving stops thetruck and runs out. He throws his outdated folder phone intothe river and himself jumps off the expressway. SPLASH. The police cars and Mirando security cars surround the blacksemi. POLICEMEN run out of their vehicles and look down at the river, defeated. The circular ripples from the lastsplash slowly disperse. POLICE 1 You swim? POLICE 2 Uh-uh. Never. While the Police look for a way down to the bank, theUniformed Mirando Employees open the door of the trailer.Headlights and red police lights flood inside the trailer toreveal Okja and a wide-eyed Mija standing side by side. Mijatries to hide her confusion and anger, but her eyes are moistwith tears. AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)The Animal Liberation Front... INT. CONFERENCE ROOM, MIRANDO COMPANY HEADQUARTERS - DAY ON THE TV: Amateur footage of A.L.F. members with bolt cutters and other tools ambushing the Mirando truck in theunderpass. AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)...hasn't been in the headlines for a number of years, but they areback in the spotlight after today'sextraordinary events. 16 people - including Lucy Mirando, Frank, Johnny, andJennifer - sit around the table and watch the news. They aresilent, their expressions grave. The scene looks exactly likethe photo of Obama, Hillary and the national security teamwatching the Bin Laden raid in the White House situation room -right down to the gestures and the facial expressions. The only unruffled person among them is head assistant Frank,who sits in the middle in a leisurely, presidential manner. AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)The group seems to have been highlyorganized. 56. ON THE TV: We see KIM - the Mirando driver - beinginterviewed in front of the truck spray-painted with the"A.L.F." sign. He speaks surprisingly good English. KIM (smiling)They were fast, organized, and onpoint, like ninjas. No way a salaryman from Mirando could take them. (laughs)Mirando is completely fucked!Completely fucked! A BEEP censors Kim every time he says "fucked," but he saysit with such emphasis that it is impossible not to read hislips. The Mirando employees bat their eyes nervously, worried aboutLucy's reaction. ON THE TV: A repeat of the news footage of A.L.F. members running in formation. EXECUTIVE 1 Look at that one! He points at the blurry figure of Silver, lagging behind. EXECUTIVE 1 (CONT'D)Get some exercise, you dick! He laughs and glances at Lucy for approval. The tension ispalpable. FRANK I wouldn't worry too much, Luce. The A.L.F technically failed. EXECUTIVE 1 They weren't even able to take theproduct. EXECUTIVE 2 This is just a kerfuffle overnothing. We shouldn't make a bigdeal out of it. EXECUTIVE 1 It actually means the security atour US facilities and main office is so airtight that they wouldn'teven think about breaking in.That's why they went all the way toSouth Korea. 57. EXECUTIVE 2 The important thing is that the pigis on its way to New York now. JENNIFER (Brightly)Right! The Best Super Pig Fest will continue as planned! Their eyes flicker nervously towards Lucy - who has thus farsaid nothing. Finally, she stirs. LUCY (quietly)I know what they call me. They callme a psychopath. JENNIFER YOU'RE not a psychopath! THEY'REthe psychopaths, right, Ms.Mirando? They're narcissists. Jennifer glances around the conference room, pleased withherself. LUCY Do narcissists wear balaclavas? FRANK Oh, crazy radicals have beencalling us psychopaths since the'60s! You're a psychopath! Your sister's a psychopath! Your daddywas a psychopath! We barely notice, but Frank has a CELLPHONE concealed in hishand. We see the name "Nancy Mirando" on the screen. He'ssurreptitiously pointing it in Lucy's direction. LUCY Daddy WAS a psychopath, Frank.That's not an unfair slur. "What did YOU do in the War, Daddy?" "Imanufactured the napalm that madeeveryone's skin fall off!" And hecalls ME an idiot loser? FRANK In fairness to your father when hecalled you an idiot loser... LUCY Yes? 58. FRANK You had just signed up for a twoyear course in California calledUnleash Your Calling. LUCY At a highly respected Institute forthe Advancement of Human Potential. Where many forward-thinking CEOs go. Lucy's anxiety level is rising. She's beginning to displaysubtle OCD symptoms - repeating phrases and movements. LUCY (CONT'D)And if you can't see thecorrelation between the advancement of my human potential and the factwe're currently on the cusp of thebiggest product launch in thehistory of the food industry then Idon't know what! You know how I spent my time at the Institute?VISUALIZING new and better ways ofdoing business! While SISTER was...what was the name of the lake that exploded? FRANK Moose Lake. LUCY While my sister was dumping so muchtoxic waste into Moose Lake it EXPLODED... the only lake ever toexplode, well done, Nancy... I wasvisualizing how to turn the mosthated agrochemical company inAmerica into the most likeable miracle pig rearing company. Andit's WORKING! It's WORKING! It was WORKING until last night. Untillast night the synthesis betweenNew Mirando and Old Mirando was impeccable! Lucy holds both of her hands in the air. LUCY (CONT'D)I took science... Lucy manipulates her left hand into a deformed claw. 59. LUCY (CONT'D)And nature... Lucy waves her right hand softly, mimicking ocean waves or afield of crops blowing gently in the wind. LUCY (CONT'D)And I synthesized. She brings both hands together, mimicking a flower blooming. LUCY (CONT'D)And EVERYONE loved it. Remember what the New York Times called our Super Pigs? "Intriguing." Slate:"Lucy Mirando is pulling off theimpossible. She's making us fall inlove with a creature that we're also excited about eating." Theseare journalists who never writeabout pigs! They never write aboutpigs! But they wrote about OURpigs. Ten years of planning! We'reon the cusp of launching a productthat will feed MILLIONS! And what happens? We fall victim toterrorism. And somehow WE'RE the ones that come out looking bad? JENNIFER (brightly)Oh, we don't look too bad! LUCY We don't? Rewind! A beat. Jennifer nervously presses rewind - knowing Lucy isright about how bad they look. ON THE TV: Footage of the moment of Okja's recapture.Uniformed Mirando Employees drag Okja back to the Mirandotruck. We see Mija crying and desperately trying to stopthem. AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)Following the failed kidnapping,Mirando Company employees weresecuring their super pig when ayoung girl suddenly stepped in andtried to stop them. ON THE TV: Uniformed Mirando Employees - the guys Mundo hadpromised full time contracts to - pull Mija away. They'rerough, violent. 60. AMERICAN NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)The girl was later revealed to bethe granddaughter of a local farmerselected by Mirando CEO LucyMirando to... LUCY Pause. Jennifer does. ON THE TV: FREEZE-FRAME of the Uniformed Employees roughlypulling the poor, crying Mija away. LUCY (CONT'D)And there it is! The image that'sgoing to destroy us! Who are thoseidiots? Lucy points at the Uniformed Employees. LUCY (CONT'D)Find out and fire them. JENNIFER (Brightly)Sure! Leave it with me! Jennifer looks delighted and relieved that others are gettingthe blame. LUCY Abusing that adorable girl in theuniforms I personally designed!What are we famous for? A silence, before it dawns on the Executives that Lucy isn'tasking a rhetorical question. EXECUTIVE 1 Super pigs? LUCY Holding indigenous farmers in highesteem! Who are we violentlymanhandling right there on TV? EXECUTIVE 2 (beat)The granddaughter of an indigenousfarmer. 61. LUCY Is that the reason why she'scrying? EXECUTIVE 1 (cautiously)Yes? LUCY It's one of two reasons she's crying. What's the other reason? EXECUTIVE 2 (beat)We're taking away her super pig? LUCY We are shoving her best friend intoa truck! That's going to kill us.Right there. That image. We'redead. Unbeknownst to Lucy, Frank has his phone pressed to his ear,listening. He puts it down. Suddenly, he pushes his chairback with a loud SQUEAK. He casually saunters over to thecoffee machine and makes himself a capsule coffee. Themachine pisses out coffee with a loud, obnoxious WHIR. FRANK Lucy... May I say something? Frank looks over at Lucy as he smells his coffee. FRANK (CONT'D)The girl. You're thinking ofinviting her to New York, aren'tyou? A light bulb goes off in Lucy's head. LUCY I was just about to say that! FRANK Yes, of course. (nods)You'll invite her to The Best SuperPig Festival and... LUCY (cutting him off)A moving reunion! The Best Pig andthe adorable farmer girl forced topart but reunited on our stage. 62. FRANK Of course! (smiles)Brilliant, Lucy. LUCY An emotional reunion, then the two of them leave the stage. Hand inhand. Hand in trotter! Frank watches Lucy become more and more excited. He is morelaid back than ever. LUCY (CONT'D)She'll be the face of the Mirando Company! The living embodiment ofthe Mirando ideal. Young, pretty,eco-friendly, global! She's agodsend! Are you writing all thisdown?! Jennifer and the Executives write notes with fury. Suddenly Johnny stands up in a HUFF. JOHNNY Uh. She's not the face of the Mirando Company. I am. You don'teven know if she can DO anythingother than cry. Whereas I am muchloved all over the world! LUCY (With unexpected venom)Sit down. Johnny lets out a GASP. JOHNNY You're... forcing me to... LUCY To do WHAT? JOHNNY To examine my options. LUCY Go on then. Examine them. Are youexamining them now? Have youfinished examining them? Lucy stares at Johnny. He sits down - his humiliationcomplete. 63. Lucy resumes her conversation with Jennifer like nothinghappened. LUCY (CONT'D)Get her a first-class ticket and book her a hotel! She probablydoesn't have a passport. Get her apassport! Don't try to force animage on her - like what Benetton did to those Asian girl models. Jennifer takes notes with impossible speed, her pen a mereblur. LUCY (CONT'D)No! I've got a BETTER idea! Get herwearing a Mirando uniform. Let'sreclaim the uniform after what those idiots did! INT. CEO OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON Lucy's limp body is sprawled on the sofa. Her iPhone rings.The words Nancy Mirando flash up on the screen. LUCY (Muttering)Oh fuck off. Lucy ignores it. But the phone keeps ringing. Finally Lucypicks up. LUCY (CONT'D)Hey Nance! NANCY (V.O.)Hey Luce! LUCY I guess you saw the news. Don'tworry. It's under control. NANCY (V.O.)What news? What are you talkingabout? LUCY (beat)Oh. Nothing.(beat)So, how's London? Do you ever gettime to go to fun places like theLondon Eye and the London Dungeon?(MORE) 64. LUCY (CONT'D)I never have a free minute, but I figure running Mirando Global ismore taxing than running MirandoUK. Oh! You should try MadamTussauds! Have you been there yet? NANCY (V.O.)(beat)No. LUCY I heard such an interesting thingabout Madam Tussauds. When the celebrities become has-beens theyjust melt down the heads and turnthem into someone more fashionable. Saddam Hussain is Justin Timberlake now. Anyway. How ARE you? NANCY (V.O.)I just phoned to wish you luck. 10years! Your dream project isfinally about to come to fruition!Everything you've worked towards! LUCY Yeah, it's exciting! NANCY (V.O.)It must be, right? The basketcontaining all of your eggs! Everysingle one of your eggs! You mustbe SO excited. The blood drains from Lucy's face. Nancy can still terrifyher. NANCY (V.O.)You must be SO excited! INT. POLICE STATION, SEOUL - EARLY MORNING Mija crouches inside the police station. A few REPORTERSsurround her, shoving their microphones into her face. REPORTER 1 They're going to charge you withproperty damage and obstruction ofjustice. Did you know that? Mija looks blank. 65. REPORTER 1 (CONT'D)Animal Liberal Front, right?People are saying you're a member.Is that true? Mija stays silent, her head lowered. The Reporter comescloser. REPORTER 2 It says on the Internet you have anA.L.F. tattoo on your arm. Reporter 2 tries to lift up her sleeve, but Mija slaps hishand away. A FEMALE REPORTER who'd been watching from behindjumps in and tries to forcibly pull up Mija's sleeve. Mijaresists mightily. As she grapples with the Female Reporter,we see someone hurtling into the station in the backgroundwith a worried face -Hee Bong. Hee Bong squeezes in between the Reporters and grabs Mija'sarm. He raises the sleeve himself. HEE BONG Let me see! The Reporters briefly step back at Hee Bong's apparentaggression. Hee Bong checks Mija's arms, neck, everywhere. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Tell me where you were hurt. Areyou okay? With that, the floodgates open. Mija puts her arms around HeeBong and begins to bawl. Hee Bong embraces her tightly. TheReporters quickly realize who Hee Bong is and shove theirmics toward him. FLASHES explode. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Stop with the cameras... She's justa baby. REPORTER You're her guardian, aren't you? HEE BONG Go away... Hee Bong hides Mija with one arm while pushing away theReporters with the other. He is never violent but puts up aformidable fight as he fends them off. He is old but strong. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Be civil, will you? Don't test me now... 66. The Reporters are backing away when one of them suddenly dipsdown and POPS a flash up at Mija's face. Hee Bong violentlySLAPS the camera away, stunning the Reporter. HEE BONG (CONT'D)Sorry! That's an expensive camera. As soon as he apologizes he returns to roughly pushing thereporters. The grappling match becomes more and more heated.DETECTIVES and POLICE OFFICERS belatedly swarm the scene.The station quickly descends into chaos. Suddenly, a familiar voice rings throughout the station. MUNDO (O.S.)Mi - Ja - ! Mundo is walking into the station. Choi - the Mirando Koreatranslator from the mountain - follows him with a flower basket. Wearing a radiant smile, Mundo walks past bewilderedfaces and hands the flower basket to Mija. It is lavishlydecorated with Mirando company colors. I/E. CONVENIENCE STORE - EARLY MORNING The store is brightly lit by fluorescent lights. Mija standsat the window-side bar and eats cup ramen. The flower basketlies next to her. Mundo and Hee Bong and Choi smoke in frontof the store. HEE BONG So all the damage in the shoppingcenter... Mirando will pay for thattoo? MUNDO How many times do I have to tellyou? HQ is paying for everything.The main office in America. HEE BONG The glass door in your office Mijashattered. That too? MUNDO That's what you're worried about?They are inviting her out toAmerica. She'll be doing Mirandocommercials pretty soon. Having finished her ramen, Mija walks out toward Hee Bong andMundo. She hurls the Mirando flower basket at Mundo's feet. 67. MIJA Forget commercials. Get her on thephone right now! MUNDO (startled)Phone? Who? MIJA I need to talk to Okja. I need tofind out how she is. Choi stares blankly. HEE BONG They do that... you know, talk toeach other. They’ve always done it. CHOI (scrambling)Okja's probably on the plane rightnow. She won't be able to answer. OVER Mija's seething face, we hear the deafening noise of anairplane. As upbeat MONTAGE MUSIC begins, we... CUT TO: EXT. JFK INT'L AIRPORT - DAY We see a large passenger airliner from behind as it touchesdown on a landing strip. The wheels touch the ground with anear-splitting noise. EXT. STORAGE HANGAR, JFK - DAY As the MONTAGE MUSIC continues, we see large CARGO beingunloaded from the back of the plane. We follow one of thecontainers - a large metal cage. We see Okja crouched inside. MIRANDO HQ EMPLOYEES and PRIVATE SECURITY CONTRACTORS swarm the cage as soon as it hits the tarmac. I/E. CAGE, MOVING TRUCK - DAY Okja sits inside the cage with a sullen expression. Shenervously blinks her eyes. 68. OKJA'S POV: Through a small opening on the side, she sees theunfamiliar scenery of New York passing by. The fake blackbox/video transmission device is also pointed outside. I/E. A.L.F. SEDAN, NEW YORK STREETS - DAY The A.L.F. team is crowded into the Sedan. Brief static as K's laptop begins receiving the video signal from Okja. K Got it! The signal's good.(to the members in thebackseat)We're seeing what Okja's seeing. K sits in the passenger seat with his laptop connected to asatellite receiver. Through the front windshield, we see theMirando truck about 50 meters ahead of the sedan. RED (driving)Hey, pretty good resolution. Can'twait to see inside the laboratory! BLOND Brought to you live from Mirando'ssecret underground lab. We inviteyou to the mecca of geneticmodification! Blond giggles as he imitates a travel channel host. He keepspushing a sandwich into Silver's hand, who only picks at itand looks through its contents. Jay sits behind K and quietlyregards the laptop screen. JAY (barely containing hisexcitement)In this moment only the five of usknow what the whole world will soon know. This mission has the potential to surpass ...my God...we may surpass even the SilverSpring Monkey liberation in termsof epoch-defining A.L.F.operations! We are ushering in anew era! The members cringe at Jay’s pompous way of talking. Anawkward silence. K yells to Red, trying to change the mood. 69. K Slow down. Let's put some distancebetween us and them. I want to test how far the signal reaches. EXT. R.F.K BRIDGE - DAY The MONTAGE MUSIC escalates. The East River glistens underthe sun. A vast AERIAL VIEW: The Mirando truck crosses the bridge, surrounded by escort vehicles. We see the A.L.F.sedan far behind. INT. INCHEON INT'L AIRPORT - DAY The MONTAGE MUSIC continues. Mija wears a passport/ticket pouch over her neck, the onesgiven to unaccompanied minors. Hee Bong takes out the goldpig from his pocket. HEE BONG Take this. In case there's an emergency. You might need money.Make sure you hide it well. Mija takes it, hugs Hee Bong. Mundo hurries Mija toward thedeparture gate, where reporters are gathered. Choi hands Mijaa large bouquet. MIJA Where’s Okja now? Why won't you letme talk to her? MUNDO (forced smile)We'll call her soon! Let's take a picture first. A shoddy event obviously organized at the last minute.'Congratulations - Winner of the Best Super Pig WorldCompetition. Joo Mija Send-Off Ceremony.' The Mirando KoreaBRANCH PRESIDENT and the DIRECTOR of the National Livestock Cooperative have already taken their places under the banner.Mundo shoves Mija between them. Mija forces a toothy smile ascameras FLASH. MIJA (to Mundo - through herforced smile)You want me to be nice in New York? Get me Okja on the phone. 70. INT. MARKETING DEPARTMENT, MIRANDO HQ - DAY The MONTAGE MUSIC continues. CLOSE on a screen: We see an amateur You Tube VIDEO of Mijariding Okja in the Seoul supermarket. It’s had 126 millionviews. A team of young MIRANDO MARKETING EMPLOYEES sit in front oftheir computers and eagerly watch their boss, Jennifer. JENNIFER (Brightly)And... GO! All at once, the Mirando Marketing Employees beginenthusiastically typing. CLOSE on their screens: They're typing messages on TWITTERand TUMBLR and FACEBOOK and YOU TUBE and INSTAGRAM - an orchestrated corporate endeavor to flood the Internet withMirando positivity: "Yo, I heard the hot You Tube girl riding the giant pig iscoming to NYC!!!" "Cute!" "Totally my type!" "She's gonna beat the Mirando Best Super Pig Fest in NYC!! AWESOME!" "LOVE HER!!!" "The hot girl and Dr. Johnny and the giant pigtogether in NYC!!! SO COOL!!!" INT. PLANE - NIGHT Mija sleeps, her body awkwardly folded in her first-classseat. A FEMALE CABIN ATTENDANT stops to pull up her blanket.bookSmile: Beginner's Conversation Englishî""bookShe removes the “from her hand and puts it in the seat-back pocket. Mijasweats from a nightmare. Her eyes twitch under the lids. INSERT - MIJA'S DREAM / FLASHBACK Grainy B & W footage. POV of Mija sitting in the backseat of a compact car: Okja - at this point a piglet - looks up from Mija's embraceand tries to lick her face/the CAMERA. In the front seat, wesee the back of Mija's DAD, who turns toward Mija, but whoseface is washed featureless by the strong backlight. We alsosee the silhouette of Mija's MOM in the next seat. Her mouthis open wide as if to scream, but we can't hear anything. 71. Through the front windshield, we see a large truck crossingthe yellow line of the narrow mountain road and hurtlingtoward Mija's car. Okja the piglet SQUEALS in the foreground. CUT TO: The car is crashed in the woods on the steep inclinebordering the road. Okja crawls out of the broken window andlooks inside the car with a worried look. We see five-yearold Mija bleeding, her eyes out of focus. Okja climbs towardthe road as fast as she can. CUT TO: Grainy footage from a fixed high angle CAMERA... seems to betraffic camera footage from the road: Okja climbs onto the road and begins SQUEALING franticallytoward the cars as they whiz by dangerously close to her. Onecar stops, and a YOUNG MAN steps out. Okja continues toSQUEAL as she leads the man down to the woods. The man discovers the wreckage and hurries down the incline afterher. The upbeat MONTAGE MUSIC changes into... I/E. LABORATORY ENTRANCE, PARAMUS, NEW JERSEY - EVENING ...DARK, OPPRESSIVE MUSIC. CLOSE ON Okja's terrified face as she's dragged into thedilapidated warehouse - the front for the laboratory. The lights are dim and the atmosphere ominous. I/E. NEARBY MOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS The A.L.F. team is gathered around the laptop, eyes anxiouslyon the screen. Red opens the large bag and takes out a roundsatellite dish. K connects the satellite dish to the receiver. With the dish up, static decreases and the image becomes clearer. JAY Are we recording? K Of course. We begin to see the inside of the secret laboratory throughOkja's POV. The A.L.F. members all lean in. 72. SILVER Oh my God. INT. LABORATORY - WHITE ROOM - CONTINUOUS Okja's POV: We see small cages lined on either side of thehallway, each containing tiny Super Piglets: A piglet with ahideously large tumor, one with red, veiny eyes and neck-twitching tic symptoms, one dragging its deformed hindlegs... Victims of genetic experimentation. They SQUEAL loudly whenthey see Okja. Okja also lets out a heart-wrenching SQUEAL asif commiserating with the piglets in the cages. The seasoned MIRANDO LABORATORY WORKERS move Okja toward asteel door, pulling on her leash and poking her from behindwith stun batons. The Worker in the front opens the door toreveal an immaculate white room. Inside the room is none other than Dr. Johnny Wiseman! He greets Okjaenthusiastically, dressed in a white gown. JOHNNY Okja! He runs his hands over Okja's body. JOHNNY (CONT'D)So we reunite. In this wretched laboratory no less. Johnny lovingly caresses Okja's face, clearly drunk. Behindhim, we see a hideous male Super Pig twisting its giganticbody. It is about 1.5 times the size of Okja. JOHNNY (CONT'D)Let me introduce you to each other.Alfonso, say hello to Okja! Okja,Alfonso! Your boyfriend! Haha! Johnny drags Okja toward ALFONSO, the male pig. As the steeldoor shuts with a loud CLANK, the MONTAGE MUSIC abruptly stops. Oppressive SILENCE fills the screen. INT. MOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS Heavy silence. The faces of the A.L.F. members are lit by theghostly light of the computer screen. 73. They are seeing Okja's POV, but because one side of the'White Room' is covered entirely by a mirror, they seeeverything Okja is going through. Johnny and the Lab Workers drag Okja toward Alfonso, who is increasingly excited at the sight of her. Okja's fearfulSCREAM pierces the computer speakers. SILVER Can you turn down the volume,please? K lowers the volume, his face filled with dread. RED (Sobbing)We should never have sent her there. BLOND Stop it! RED We knowingly sent her into thatchamber of horrors... BLOND No we didn't! We didn't know they'dhurt her! That, you know, they’dput her through a ...mating. RED We suspected. Come on. We allsuspected. Okja's SCREAM and Red's sobbing become blended in a sorrowfulharmony. The male members sit in uncomfortable silence. Klooks especially distraught. Jay quietly approaches Red andputs a hand on her shoulder. JAY Don't cry. We can't be weak. BLOND Right. This is all the more reasonto stay focused and stick to ourplan. JAY The little girl trusted us withOkja. We have to respect herbravery. K cannot keep it to himself any longer. 74. K She never agreed to send Okja. What? All eyes fall on K. Red stops crying. BLOND What did you just say? K When she was in our truck... She said she was "taking Okja back tothe mountains." Jay and the members are speechless. K (CONT'D)(sighs)I lied. RED You little piece of shit! I knewsomething was up in that truck! JAY (Quietly)Why did you lie? K I don't know. In that moment... I just couldn't stop the mission. Itwas the coolest mission ever. K stares at the cool A.L.F. tattoo on his wrist. Jay gets upfrom the sofa and walks over. He gently lays a hand on K'sshoulder. JAY K, it's okay. Look at me. As soon as K looks up - POW - Jay drives a fist across hisface. Before the other members can even react, Jay pushes Kinto a corner and begins pummeling him mercilessly. JAY (CONT'D)I hold you dear to my heart - as Ido all creatures - but you havedishonored the forty year historyand meaningful legacy of the AnimalLiberation Front. You have betrayedthe great minds and brave fighterswho preceded you. Even as he unloads a savage beating, Jay maintains his formalmanner of speech, speaking like he's at an academic seminar. 75. JAY (CONT'D)You have besmirched a forty yeartradition. Jay withdraws his fists and gathers his breath. He looks downat K. JAY (CONT'D)Never mistranslate. Translations are sacred. Jay throws a bag at K. JAY (CONT'D)From this moment on you are nolonger a member of the A.L.F. Youare permanently banned. Get out.However, since it's vital that we proceed with our mission, we willhave to return your equipment afterits completion. Consider this yourlast contribution to the A.L.F. K wipes the blood off his lips, dejected, disgraced. He putsthe bag over his shoulder and begins to walk out. He stops bythe table and adjusts the position of the satellite dish.When he does, the image on the laptop instantly becomesclearer. INT. LABORATORY - WHITE ROOM - LATER CLOSE ON a green soju bottle. Johnny picks it up and gulps itdown. Alfonso isn't in the room anymore. Okja is sprawled onthe floor, lifeless. A dreadful silence. The heavilyinebriated Johnny takes the remainder of the soju and walksover to Okja. He crouches before her. JOHNNY You want some? He pours some on his hand and brings it to her mouth. Okjacloses her nostrils, repulsed by the smell. Johnny doesn'tcare. He just slurps it up himself. He licks every last drop. JOHNNY (CONT'D)It makes you feel better. Okja is completely drained from the brutal mating sessionwith Alfonso, barely moving. Johnny also lies on the floor,resting his head on his arm, face to face with Okja. 76. JOHNNY (CONT'D)The first time is the hardest. It'll get easier. Johnny lets out a melancholy sigh. JOHNNY (CONT'D)Oh, this is a unspeakable place. Iknow, I know. And this room isn't even the worst. There are worse rooms out there. (Beat)Lucy Mirando told me I wasn't toharm you in here. At least notvisibly. She wants you perfect forher big telecast! Johnny starts to rise. JOHNNY (CONT'D)But when a woman humiliates a man in front of his colleagues, a manis inclined to make his own decisions. Johnny suddenly picks up a piece of long metallic equipmentfrom the floor. JOHNNY (CONT'D)So there is one last thing. This. Johnny laughs. He fits the tip of the equipment with aneedle. JOHNNY (CONT'D)This... It's called a biopsy gun.What it does is... (laughs)It's nothing really. It's used onbeef... I mean live cows... To check the marbling... A phone RINGS inside the room. Johnny presses thespeakerphone button, and we hear Jennifer's annoyingly high-pitched voice. JENNIFER (V.O.)Hi, Johnny. Is Okja with you? Willyou put her on the phone? JOHNNY What? 77. JENNIFER (V.O.)(with a laugh)Our precious local farmer princessinsists that she speaks to her onthe phone. Whatever... She says youshould lift her ear and put thereceiver underneath. JOHNNY You're on speakerphone. We hear a SNAP as Mija snatches the phone from Jennifer. Wehear her voice through the speaker. MIJA (V.O.)Okja!!! The previously lifeless Okja opens her eyes and leaps to herfeet upon hearing Mija's voice. OKJA Eeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhh!!! I/E. MOVING VAN, NEAR JFK - EVENING MIJA Okja - ! Are you okay? We see the JFK terminal growing farther in the rear window.Mija practically screams into the phone. Jennifer and the Mirando employees cover their ears. OKJA (V.O.)Eeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! MIJA What? I can't hear you!! INT. LABORATORY - WHITE ROOM Johnny SLAMS off the speakerphone. Okja cries, sayingsomething to Mija. When the sound abruptly stops, she beginsto shift back and forth nervously. Okja's desperate danceenrages Johnny, and he SMASHES the speakerphone on the floor. Okja freezes. Johnny wobbles over with the biopsy gun in onehand and a semi-translucent iPad in the other. Open on theiPad is an app developed by Mirando for intra-company use.When Johnny takes a picture of Okja using the app, 3-Dcontours appear over the picture along with the names of meat parts. 78. He aims the gun on Okja's back. He pretends to stick theneedle in her skin. JOHNNY BANG!! Sirloin! Okja lets out a weak GROWL. JOHNNY (CONT'D)The shank! Oh, yeah! Johnny laughs as he drunkenly sways from side to side. Hetouches the needle of the biopsy gun. JOHNNY (CONT'D)Don't worry. You won't die. I'mjust going to take a bit of your'meat.' Of course I'm not going toeat it. We have 'tasters' for that. (laughs)They're a bunch of half-witdegenerate fucktards. He laughs like a madman. Okja MOANS weakly. Johnny is losing his mind, partially due to the alcohol butmostly due to his guilt. JOHNNY (CONT'D)So... I'm gonna have to poke youin five places. He raises the gun. JOHNNY (CONT'D)I'm sorry! Johnny becomes teary-eyed. His emotions swing wildly frommanic laughter to self-pitying sorrow. JOHNNY (CONT'D)It's gonna hurt! (sobs)But I can't anesthetize you! Weneed to eat your meat! Okja MOANS. Johnny weeps uncontrollably, his face a mask oftears and snot. JOHNNY (CONT'D)I shouldn't be here. I'm an animal lover. Everyone knows that aboutme! And the sick shit Lucy makes usdo in here. (MORE) 79. JOHNNY (CONT'D)Christ knows how many laws we’rebreaking. It makes my stomach -BANG. Johnny pulls the trigger mid-speech. Okja's leg spasmsfrom the sting. Her SCREAM echoes throughout the room. INT. SOMEWHERE IN THE LABORATORY - LATER A MAN IN A WHITE GOWN cooks meat on several frying pans laidout in a row. Each pan is labeled with a sign: "Sirloin,""ribs," "Boston butt," etc. Each contains three pieces ofmeat. A MIDDLE-AGED MAN, a MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, and a TEENAGER -aka the "half-wit degenerate fucktards" - approach withforks. MIDDLE-AGED MAN Tasty. TEENAGER Fuck yeah. MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN It's the best I've ever had. The best of the best! Her exclamation is accompanied by the sound of trumpets anddrums. As upbeat MARCHING BAND MUSIC begins, we... CUT TO: EXT. STREETS, MANHATTAN - DAY A bright afternoon. An enormous Super Pig balloon emergesthrough the buildings. Below the balloon is a banner: 'Bestof the Best! Magical Animals Super Pig Fest!' The scene resembles the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade. Theballoon is pulled from below by dozens of men and women inUNIFORMS. They are followed by a MARCHING BAND and otherparade participants. People cheer and take pictures - finallya chance to meet the famous Super Pig! INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE MIJA'S HOTEL SUITE - DAY Jennifer and STYLIST 1 quickly walk down the boutique hotelhallway carrying a Mirando uniform on a hanger, fluidSTEADICAM following from behind. Jennifer inspects the uniform, front and back. 80. JENNIFER What the hell is this? We see wild cursive scrawled on the bright uniform. Hardlycouture. Messy. STYLIST 1 That's Lucy's autograph. "Designedby Lucy Mirando." JENNIFER She can't get enough of herself,can she? Jennifer looks tired from the weeks of rigorous eventplanning, but as soon as she opens the hotel room door, sheturns her face upside down and returns to her usualhyperactive self. JENNIFER (CONT'D)(brightly)How's everyone doing?! People busily mill about in Mija's suite. Mija is surroundedby a MAKEUP ARTIST, HAIR STYLIST, and WARDROBE STYLIST 2 andseems to be in some sort of stand-off involving the fannypack. STYLIST 2 Do you have to wear this thing? Itlooks super tacky. Mija seems to have understood, clings tightly to the fannypack. MIJA Get lost. I’m keeping this on. Mija's outburst startles Jennifer and the staff. A white maleemployee, the TRANSLATOR, tries to calm Mija in imperfectKorean. TRANSLATOR Okay, all right! It's okay, it'sokay. You can keep it. Jennifer and the staff regard her nervously. The Translatorcautiously glances at Mija before saying... TRANSLATOR (CONT'D)(to the staff; quietly)I think she understands some English. We should watch what we say. 81. The Translator surreptitiously points at the "Smile: Beginner's Conversation English" book on the table. Jennifer and the staff glance at the book then Mija. JENNIFER (brightly)Yes, yes, everything is fine! Butyou have to wear this. Isn't thisuniform pretty? It's a specialedition custom-made just for you.Look! The CEO even autographed it.Totally rad, right?! Wow! Jennifer continues to hype it up, but Mija is not in themood. She refuses bluntly. MIJA No! I want to see Okja first. JENNIFER Mija. Sweetheart! You'll meet heron stage in just a few hours!Wearing this very pretty uniform!Think about how dramatic it’ll be. As Jennifer's speech becomes more and more impassioned, aROOM SERVICE worker enters with a cart and begins puttingdown food. Confused chatter: "Who ordered food?" "Looks fantastic!" "Just sign for it." Garbled voices overwhelm thesuite. JENNIFER (CONT'D)Okja doesn't even know you're here.If you show up on stage withouttelling her, it’ll be such a greatsurprise! I'm getting emotionaljust thinking about it! Yay! MIJA (cold)I don't care. I need to see Okja.Right now. Or I won't cooperatewith the event. Mija is unrelenting. A fatigue comes over Jennifer as shelistens to the Translator. She turns cold. JENNIFER Mija. I don't think you understandthis situation. We are the ones who have Okja. Okay? We are doing you afavor. Do you get it now? 82. Mija becomes nervous. We've never seen Jennifer like thisbefore. JENNIFER (CONT'D)(smiles)You want to go back home with Okja,right? Then do as you're told.Otherwise, this is what will happento Okja. Jennifer removes the lid of the room service tray next toher, revealing a deliciously cooked pork chop steak. Mija ispetrified. Jennifer holds out the uniform again. JENNIFER (CONT'D)Put it on. Mija fearfully takes the uniform and goes into the suitebedroom. INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS As soon as she closes the sliding door, the voices recedeinto the background, and a vast loneliness overcomes her.Dust particles glow in the beam of light falling through thecurtains. She SIGHS as she looks at the strangely designed uniform. Sheglimpses something behind it - a SHADOW lurking in thecorner. Mija GASPS. The Shadow soon reveals himself to be theRoom Service Worker from earlier... and the Room Service Worker is subsequently revealed to be JAY! JAY Shhh! Mija stares at Jay, stunned. Jay quietly removes a stack ofpapers from behind his back. Short English/Koreanwords/phrases are written on cards the size of a smallsketchbook. Jay begins to flip through the cards in front ofMija, kind of like Bob Dylan in his "Subterranean HomesickBlues" video. JAY (CONT'D)'SORRY.' MIJA (mouthing)What? JAY 'FOR EVERYTHING.' 83. Mija silently nods, still nervous. JAY (CONT'D)'WE WILL RESCUE OKJA FROM THE STAGE.' We begin to hear MARCHING BAND MUSIC in the far distance. Jayflips the cards almost to the beat. JAY (CONT'D)'WHEN WE DO,' 'DON'T,' 'LOOK BACK.' Mija, puzzled. JAY (CONT'D)'DON'T EVER LOOK,' 'AT THE SCREEN,' 'BEHIND YOU.' Jay changes his expression slightly with each card. JAY (CONT'D)'ONLY,' 'LOOK AT OKJA,' 'IN FRONT OF YOU.' Mija still hasn't the faintest idea what he's talking about,but Jay's dead seriousness somehow compels her to nod. Jay nods back with a serene smile. He flips the last card over: JAY (CONT'D)'A.L.F. LOVES YOU.' Jay vanishes through the curtains. We hear him going down themetal steps of the fire escape. Mija is left alone again inthe dark bedroom. EXT. STREETS, MANHATTAN - DAY Jay casually saunters out of the hotel alley and walks outonto the large street. He changes into his suit as he walksand joins the Super Pig Festival parade happening in the street. Among the dozens of people holding the lines of the giantOkja balloon is SILVER, disguised as one of the UniformedEmployees. He exchanges secret glances with Jay, who walksalong the sidewalk. Silver gives Jay a knowing look as hepoints up at the balloon, and Jay looks up as well. Mirando EVENT WORKERS distribute samples - Super Pig jerkiesand Super Sausages - practically showering the crowd withthem. People eat them up enthusiastically. 84. Some of the Employees holding the chords of the balloon alsodig into the samples, giddy at seeing the brand new products.Silver becomes nauseated by the mere sight. A Mirando Employee marching next to him hands him a SuperSausage sample. Finding himself with the most vile junk foodmade from GM Super Pigs in his hand, Silver turns white likea sheet. Conscious of all the Mirando eyes around, hepretends to eagerly munch on the sausage, but he cannot getpast the stench of meat and nearly retches. A SKINNY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN sees this and looks down at a sample fallen on the ground. As she crouches to pick it up,we glimpse an A.L.F. tattoo below her slightly raised shirt. A HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT sees the tattoo as he's walking by andquickly checks the surroundings. He seems worried thatsomeone might see the tattoo. As he turns, he bumps into atwenty-something WOMAN walking past. A black balaclava dropsfrom his jacket. The High School Student turns pale uponseeing the dropped balaclava. HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT I'm so sorry! The Woman just smiles and picks up the balaclava for him. Asshe reaches out to give it back, she tugs on one side of herjacket, pulling it over her t-shirt. The A, L from the word 'ALIVE' on the t-shirt connects with the F of the word LIFE of the jacket to spell out "A.L.F." The Student sees this and flashes a faint smile. He puts thebalaclava back in his jacket and walks toward the parade.More and more people join the parade under the giant Okjaballoon. INT. DRESSING ROOM, LUXURY TRAILER - DAY A trailer parked behind the stage. Lucy sits in front of themirror surrounded by her Makeup Team. The door opens, and Frank enters with a large bouquet. Lucysmiles at Frank through the mirror. FRANK Here! For you! Frank hands the beautiful flowers to Lucy. LUCY Thank you, Frank. 85. FRANK Congratulations. 10 years. Anextraordinary accomplishment. LUCY 10 years, finally coming tofruition. Lucy picks up a Super Pig jerky sample. LUCY (CONT'D)They're just delicious. Try one. Frank takes one from the table and eats it. FRANK Delicious. Beautiful. They both munch in silence for a few moments. A proud momentshared - their crowning achievement realized. Lucy smells the flowers. LUCY They're beautiful. Your taste isimpeccable as always. FRANK (laughs awkwardly)The flowers aren't actually from me... LUCY Oh? Frank hesitates. Lucy's face darkens. She stares at Frank.Frank gives a look to the Makeup Team. They leave. LUCY (CONT'D)They're from Nancy? FRANK Yes. Nancy's here. Not in London. LUCY In New York? Fuck, Frank! FRANK She's actually been here for awhile. Lucy becomes fretful, glances involuntarily around thetrailer. 86. LUCY (Hissing)I told you to keep her away. Shefrightens people. FRANK (smiles)You frighten people too, Lucy. LUCY She REALLY frightens people. Shereminds everyone of dad. Lucy tries not to show it, but her panic level is risingfast. LUCY (CONT'D)This is mine! My project! FRANK She just wants to support you onyour big day. It's what we all want. LUCY Support? Oh, yeah, right... Lucy quietly regards Frank's eyes. She is now beyond panic,actually rather calm. The MARCHING BAND MUSIC, which hadremained in the background so far, becomes loud as it arrivesin front of the trailer. The trailer thumps with the sound ofDRUMS. EXT. OUTDOOR STAGE - CONTINUOUS The marching band reaches a climax as the enormous inflatablesuper pig floats above the stage. The crowd GOES WILD as Johnny jumps up excitedly on thestage. He swings his arms wildly, acting like he's conductingthe orchestra. Johnny brings his performance to a end with a dramatic snap.The marching band stops playing at the exact moment. A briefmoment of silence before the crowd erupts in APPLAUSE.Johnny snatches up the microphone and yells into it like arock star. JOHNNY Magical, Magical... CROWD ANIMALS!!! 87. The crowd is familiar with the drill. JOHNNY Now everyone knows Dr. Johnny can'tstand anything boring. CROWD Yeah!! JOHNNY Have I ever given you a boringshow? CROWD Nooo!! INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - CONTINUOUS Red sits cross-legged on the floor, constructing some weirdMECHANICAL DEVICE. She stands and looks out of the window. RED'S POV: A little distance off, Johnny is on stage, ampingup the crowd. The Super Pig balloon hovers above the stage.Johnny's voice booms throughout the plaza. EXT. OUTDOOR STAGE - CONTINUOUS JOHNNY Ten years ago twenty-six farmersfrom lands far away were each givenone magical super piglet. This yearI met each of these twenty-sixwonderful people... On the large screen behind Johnny, we see a VIDEO MONTAGE ofJohnny meeting fully grown Super Pigs and their Farmers inpicture perfect settings -New Zealand, Sweden, South Korea, Italy... JOHNNY (CONT'D)...to decide which Super Pig wouldhave the honor of being invited tothis prestigious occasion.(beat)Are you ready to meet the WINNER ofthe contest? The Best Super Pig onthe face of this earth? The Best of the best? CROWD YEAH! 88. JOHNNY ARE YOU READY? CROWD YEAH! JOHNNY Well I'm afraid you're going tohave to meet someone else first! The crowd BOOS good-naturedly. JOHNNY (CONT'D)Isn't that always the way? Beforeyou meet the talent, you gotta meetthe suits! Johnny does a theatrical yawn. The crowd laugh. JOHNNY (CONT'D)Just kidding! She's an amazinglittle lady and the brains behindthis whole Super Pig project! Soplease put your hands together forthe one, the only, LuuucyMirandoooooo! APPLAUSE. Lucy gracefully struts onto the stage, mock-waggingher finger at Johnny. LUCY (Laughing, into themicrophone)Oh Johnny! You're skating on thinice! Don't fall through and drown! I/E. LED MULTI-SCREEN - CONTINUOUS We see a gray eye peeking through a small hole. BLOND (mocking Johnny)Luuucy -- Mirandoooooo -Blond is crouched inside the enclosed space behind the multi-screen, among various electric lines and AV cables. Concentrating hard, he connects an HDMI cable to his laptopand does an equipment check. 89. EXT. OUTDOOR STAGE - CONTINUOUS LUCY Don’t worry! I'm not here to boreyou with some corporate speech. I'mhere to introduce you to a realsuperstar! Maybe you've alreadyseen this amazing little girl onYou Tube enjoying a shopping tripin Seoul! The audience laughs. JOHNNY I wonder what she bought?! Maybesome oinkment! Or maybe a DVD.Jurassic Pork? Or a copy of Porks Illustrated! If she did, I hope shedoesn't HOG it! I want a look at the swimwear models myself!! The audience and Lucy groan. Lucy puts up her hand to shush everyone. LUCY So let’s all welcome an extraordinary young girl! Acoustic indie music plays through the loudspeakers. LUCY (CONT'D)A local farmer who raised her SuperPig in wild and beautiful naturewith more love than I could have ever asked for. With a loud WHIR, the barrel-like lift containing Mija beginsto rise. Mija's nervous face peeks over the stage. LUCY (O.S.) (CONT'D)The fearless pig rider from all theway across the globe! Pleasewelcome, Miiii - Jaaaaaaa -! Mija turns bright red upon seeing the cheering crowd. Shewaves at them with an awkward smile. But she keeps her focus. Mija's eyes suddenly widen. She sees Okja approaching thestage on a parade float. LUCY (CONT'D)And here she is! Our ultimate SuperPig! Okjaaaa! 90. The crowd cheer as they turn around. Okja stands atop aparade float decorated with trees and flowers. She feeds onthe real grass covering the top of the float as it approachesslowly. Mija cups her hands around her mouth and yells, MIJA Okja! Mija waves her arms wildly, but Okja doesn't look up. She merely continues to chomp on the grass. LUCY Separated by a cruel twist of fate,Okja and Mija! Best friendsforever, reunited by the MirandoCompany! The Mirando Event Staff begin to penetrate the crowd in asingle file. Once they've threaded through, they divide the crowd to makea path. It is almost like the parting of the Red Sea. Theparade float enters the path and proceeds toward Mija. Jay stands among the crowd. He looks up at Mija and scans thesurroundings, on high alert. MIJA Okja, it's me!(sobs)I came for you! Jennifer stands below the stage eagerly awaiting the dramaticreunion. JENNIFER 3...2...1... Okja is now only a few feet away from Mija, but she stilldoesn't look up. She continues to mindlessly chew on thegrass. The crowd begins to stir, and Lucy becomes nervous. Finally, Mija jumps at Okja and grabs her face. MIJA Okja... What's wrong? Okja shakes her head from side to side like she has a tic.Mija lifts up Okja's drooped eyelid. MIJA (CONT'D)AAAHH!! 91. The crowd hold their breath. Silence spreads throughout theplaza. CLOSE ON Okja's eyes. They resemble shark eyes. No focus, nosoul. Both eyes are completely saturated blood-red. MIJA (CONT'D)What did you do to my Okja..? BUZZ. Piercing static noise as the LED multi-screen loses itspicture. The clips of local farmers in vast, unadulteratednature disappear from the screen. Jay picks up his cell phoneas he stands amidst the confused crowd. JAY (in a small voice)Hurry up! Now! INT. LED MULTI-SCREEN - CONTINUOUS BLOND Okay, okay.(grumbling to himself)This is like the most advanced hacking ever endeavored. Blond unplugs the cable from the monitor's HDMI port andholds it in his mouth. He plugs in the HDMI cable connected to his laptop instead. EXT. LED MULTI-SCREEN, STAGE - CONTINUOUS BUZZ. The secretly filmed footage of the Mirando laboratoryappears on the screen. We see horrendously deformed GMO piglets screaming in pain, fear. Okja suddenly SQUEALS andspasms uncontrollably. LUCY What the hell is going on?! Mija tries to calm Okja. Mija can sense that something horrific is being shown on thescreen behind her, but she never turns around - just as shewas told by Jay. The crowd scream and shout in horror and anger at whatthey’re seeing on the screen. The highlight is when the drunk and pathetic Dr. Johnny tellsOkja: 92. JOHNNY ...the sick shit Lucy makes us doin here. Christ knows how many lawswe’re breaking. It makes my stomach BANG. Johnny pulls the biopsy gun trigger mid-speech. Blond has LOOPED that dreadful moment so it plays on thegiant LED screen OVER AND OVER. Johnny and Lucy stare at the screen, at a loss. Audience members SHOUT IN FURY, throwing bottles and cans in theirdirection. LUCY Turn it off! Johnny’s brain whirs. What can he possibly do to rescue hisreputation? He approaches the microphone. JOHNNY (with as much sincerity ashe can muster)I promise - no, I pledge - to learn from this. Johnny’s face is a picture of humility. He gulps. A beat.Then a soda can hits him straight between the eyes. INT. ABANDONED BUILDING - CONTINUOUS Red casually smokes a cigarette as watches the plaza belowdescend into further pandemonium. She takes the cigarette andcarefully brings it to the fuse on top of the DIY bazooka. She watches the CRACKLING fuse slowly disappear. EXT. LED MULTI-SCREEN, STAGE - CONTINUOUS A loud BOOM. A mortar is fired from the nearby abandonedbuilding. The handmade bomb flies across the air leaving awake of white baking powder. It hits the Super Pig balloonsmack in the middle. People scream as the balloon POPS. When it does, fliers and print-outs that were hidden insidethe balloon pour out onto the street. As soon as the mortar fires, Jay puts on his balaclava. Theother A.L.F. members dispersed throughout the crowd do thesame. Soon the plaza is covered by a sea of black heads. 93. They vastly outnumber the NYPD OFFICERS and Mirando EventStaff. Lucy begins to panic. The punctured balloon begins to shoot around wildly, andSilver pulls on the chord with all his strength to steer ittoward the crowd. Because of his gaunt frame, he is steeredby the balloon instead, lifted up and sideways like amarionette on strings. Still he somehow manages to keep theballoon on course, and the fliers fall over the crowd like snow on an open field. Provocative titles: "The Ugly Truth Behind the Mirando SuperPig Project!" "Mirando: Criminals. Abusers." The angry crowdrun over to pick up the printouts. As they do, we hearBlond's voice through the speakers. INT. LED MULTI-SCREEN - CONTINUOUS BLOND (V.O.)(mimicking a BBC anchor)For more details and shocking proofof Mirando's crimes against humansand animals, go to You Tube andsearch 'Mirando is Fucked'. Again.Go to You Tube and search 'Mirando is F, U, C, K, E, D'. Blond repeats the phrases like an automated machine,comically crouched in the narrow space among machines andcircuitry. EXT. LED MULTI-SCREEN, STAGE - CONTINUOUS Unfolding before us is the biggest A.L.F. demonstration in history. They have completely taken over the plaza. Jay jumpson the stage, necktie heroically flapping in the air. Helifts his balaclava slightly and shows Mija his face. JAY Let's get Okja out of here. Mija is too busy trying to calm Okja, who SQUEALS andthrashes at the increasing confusion around her. Mija triesher best to connect, but the red-eyed Okja is stillunresponsive. INT. NEARBY UPSCALE RESTAURANT - DAY Frank looks down at the chaos from the second story window. 94. FRANK I don't think we have a choice, Nancy. You have to go out there. NANCY (O.S.)You don't say. The voice is familiar. NANCY MIRANDO clicks her high heelsinto the FRAME. We see her from behind as she walks to Frank's side and looks down at the situation unfolding in theplaza. NANCY (O.S.) (CONT'D)What a clusterfuck. She lets out a long sigh. NANCY (CONT'D)Let's get private security inthere. FRANK Black Chalk? NANCY Yes. Frank dials on his cell phone as he walks out of the FRAME. We see the hell that has broken loose in front of Nancy. EXT. STAGE - CONTINUOUS Big A.L.F. members jump at Okja to subdue her, but they'reinstantly thrown off by her violent thrashing. Mija sprints toward the wild and unruly Okja. She leaps ontoOkja's face and tries to hug her, but Okja bites on her arm. Mija lets out a horrible SCREAM. Jay and the A.L.F. members don't know what to do as they watch the red-eyed Okja clampdown on Mija's blood-dripping arm. Jay picks up a microphonestand. He is about to stab Okja in the mouth when... MIJA No! Mija stops Jay with her other arm. She looks up at Okja,biting down the bone-crushing pain. Okja's eyes are stillred, lost. She growls as she shakes her head from side toside, nearly tearing off Mija's arm. In spite of the horriblepain, Mija puts on a peaceful face. She smiles and beginscaressing Okja's face with her free hand. 95. MIJA (CONT'D)Okja... Okja lets out a weak growl. MIJA (CONT'D)It's okay... Okja's violent motions slowly subside. The crowd watchesclosely. MIJA (CONT'D)Trees... The trees... MIJA'S POV, AS SHE LIES ON THE STAGE: We see Manhattan skyscrapers piercing the sky. No trees. Theblue sky behind Okja's face, however, is the same blue sky wesaw back in the mountains. MIJA (CONT'D)Clouds... The blue sky... Mija whispers as she caresses Okja's face. She has completelyforgotten about the pain, her face more peaceful than ever.Okja's breathing becomes more even. The violent activity in the plaza becomes a meaningless blurto Mija and Okja as they gaze at each other. The policefighting the A.L.F., the angry crowd screaming at Johnny andLucy - we barely notice it now. The red subsides from Okja’seyes. Her face returns to the gentle, innocent Okja we know.She belatedly comes to and frets over what she has done. Shelicks the blood off Mija's arm. JAY'S POV: Behind the crowd, we see a black semi-trailer truck rushing toward the plaza. At Jay's signal, the A.L.F. crew begin moving in organized fashion. They fight off policeand crowd members and create a path for the semi to approachMija and Okja. JAY Our driver has arrived! At that moment, a large steel-enforced vehicle appears at theintersection and CRASHES into the A.L.F. semi, forcing it off the road and into a nearby street lamp. The steel surface isunpainted, making it look all the more intimidating.MERCENARIES in special ops uniforms rush out from the back. The uniforms are marked with the name 'BLACK CHALK - Private Security Company.' Other Black Chalk cars arrive from alldirections. Soon they surround the entire plaza. 96. The specially-trained mercenaries attack and subdue theA.L.F. members with an UNEXPECTED technique. Every methodthey utilize is designed to look to the Manhattan passers-bylike no big deal - just an apparently gentle arm-lock orlittle dig at a pressure point or underneath a finger nail.But close-up it’s clear they’re inflicting INCREDIBLE PAIN onthe A.L.F. These are brilliant martial-arts techniques - itis violence so discreet the onlookers are oblivious to it. The SCREAMS of the A.L.F. members seem incongruous andpathetic as a result. A MAN IN A SHARP SUIT emerges from the steel-enforced vehicleand walks over to the NYPD COMMANDING OFFICER. He hands the officer a stack of documents. SHARP SUIT We are Black Chalk - a Private Security Company. We've just signeda contract with Nancy Mirando ofthe Mirando Company. NYPD COMMANDING OFFICER Okay? SHARP SUIT Here is info about our team of attorneys. We are restraining thedemonstrators because they’rehindering our client’s business anddestroying her property. As you cansee we are not using excessiveforce. A.L.F. members scream in front of Jay as they’re beingsubdued by the mercenaries. Jay's heart breaks at the sight,but he forces himself to turn away. He climbs off the stageand runs away as fast as he can with Mija and Okja in tow. Afew A.L.F. members follow to protect them, including Red andBlond and Silver. Black Chalk Mercenaries quickly give chase. EXT. BELOW THE STAGE - DAY Lucy - in HIDING - watches the chaos unfold. Her shock hassubsided and she's rather calm. She takes out a cigarette andlooks for a lighter but can't find one. Nancy Mirando enters the FRAME with a lighter and lightsLucy's cigarette. We still only see Nancy from behind. LUCY You knew this would happen ofcourse, Nancy. 97. NANCY Not at all. LUCY Well. Good luck with cleaning up my mess. Lucy is acting calm, but she's bereft. Nancy squeezes Lucy'sshoulder. LUCY (CONT'D)For a while back then I forgot Iwas a fucking loser, Nance. NANCY Oh, Luce. Dad should never have done and said those things to you.But why rebel against his legacy soridiculously? We see Nancy's face for the first time. She looks exactlylike Lucy. Identical twins. NANCY (CONT'D)I mean, Dad was a terrible man. But he was fucking good at business. Nancy takes out a cigarette and tries to light it, but thelighter won't work. She lights it from the burning part ofLucy's cigarette. The two sisters look like a symmetricaldecalcomania print as they stand face to face with theircigarettes touching. We see Frank approaching in the background. NANCY (CONT'D)Don't worry about your apologyspeech. I'll pretend to be you infront of the press. Nancy smiles at Lucy - an in-joke between identical twins. LUCY (scoffs)Fuck off. NANCY But you’ll need to do your own jailtime. Lucy laughs. Then she stops laughing. Nancy isn’t kidding. 98. LUCY Jail!?! Because of that lab footage?? Who cares? It’s just some... NANCY ... just some animal cruelty. Iknow. If you can even call themanimals. Nancy shivers. NANCY (CONT’D)But our attorneys will be way toobusy to help you out of this one. We see a team of NYPD officers approach Lucy. Nancy doesn't look behind her. She knows Frank is there. NANCY (CONT’D)Frank, I want to get started onthis ASAP. Do you have a pen and apad? FRANK Of course. Frank takes out his note pad. NANCY The demonstrators. We’ll put themall in jail. Put together a teamfor a criminal lawsuit. FRANK Sure. Frank and Nancy move to one side to allow the NYPD officersto surround Lucy. She DISAPPEARS amongst them. NANCY We'll drastically cut down thepromotional budget. We'll use themoney we save on marketing to lobbyCongress and pay off the Federalcommissions. INT. ALLEY - CONTINUOUS Nancy's terse, chilling orders continue in VOICE-OVER as wesee Okja, Mija, Jay and the A.L.F. members running throughthe alley. We only hear Nancy and Frank's voices. 99. FRANK (V.O.)What about spending some of themoney on media damage control? NANCY (V.O.)No point. They'll hate us for a bitand then they'll forget. We'll getproduction started right away. Wealready have FDA approval, correct? FRANK (V.O.)Yes. But I'm not sure how the customers will react after today. NANCY (V.O.)If it's cheap, they'll eat it. Iguarantee early sales will be high. The Black Chalk Mercenaries catch up with the A.L.F. members guarding Okja and Mija. The mercenaries scan the area and -seeing the coast is clear of onlookers - viciously bludgeonthem. Blond falls to the ground. We see a mercenary standing over Red. She looks up at himwith disdain. MERCENARY Slut. The Mercenary kicks her in the stomach. We see Silver pushed violently against a wall. With hisslight frame, Silver is easy to take down, but the Mercenaryacts with extreme force anyway. As Silver lies on the ground, about to lose consciousness, hespots a WOMAN and her LITTLE DOG - bystanders who havesomehow found themselves caught up in this terrifyingsituation. Silver's POV: The woman looks petrified. But the adorablelittle dog has its tongue out, almost like it's smiling atSilver. The little dog's smiling face is Silver's last sightbefore he loses consciousness. Mija clutches her bloody arm as she runs away. She looks tothe side and sees even more Black Chalk Mercenaries approachfrom a different route. One aims a large NET GUN at Okja. 100. NANCY (V.O.)Tell the factories to start production tonight and beginsupplying to supermarkets, hotels,and butcher shops ASAP. BOOM. The fired net immediately clings to Okja. She trips onthe net and tumbles. She becomes further entangled as she rolls on the ground.Mija runs over to Okja. Jay turns toward her as well. Mija and Jay try to untangle Okja. The Mercenaries come overand begin to beat Jay. The charismatic Jay goes downinstantly - without putting up any fight. He is taken apart. NANCY (V.O.)Shut down the laboratory. Put all the animals we have into production. We'll go to theproduction facility tonight for aninspection. Put all the execs oncall. Even the ones on vacation. Okja SCREAMS through the net as she's dragged into the BlackChalk vehicle. Mija rolls helplessly on the ground, barely conscious. TheMercenaries put Jay on his knees and pull his arms back. A LOUD HONK. The A.L.F. TRUCK careers into the alley. Wecan't tell who's driving. While the Mercenaries are distracted by the oncoming truck,Jay runs over to Mija and rolls her out of the way just intime. The A.L.F. truck charges on, scattering the Mercenariesout of its way. Jay helps the bloody Mija to her feet and takes her to thenext block, where the A.L.F. truck meets them after roundingthe corner. They use the last of their strength to climb intoit. INT. CAB, BLACK SEMI - DAY/EVENING/NIGHT Jay lays the barely conscious Mija in the passenger seat.He's exhausted and covered in blood. The driver takes off his balaclava. It's K! K Are you okay? 101. JAY K? What are you...? Jay sinks in his seat. K shows him a new tattoo on his arm:'Translations Are Sacred.' Jay doesn't have the energy torespond to the ridiculous tattoo. JAY (CONT'D)Okja... We need to hurry... The brutal beating has taken a toll. Jay's focus goes in andout. He's lost a lot of blood. JAY (CONT'D)Okja... Mija is also barely conscious. She's losing blood fast fromthe wound on her arm. FADE TO BLACK: We hear music. Rhythmic, like a heartbeat. We see MIJA'Sblurry POV as she fades in and out of consciousness. FADE IN: A blood-red sunset outside the window. The semi screeches to a stop and an IRANIAN MAN hops on, carrying a medical bag. Hebickers with K, making big arm gestures, as he removessyringes from his bag. FADE TO BLACK: FADE IN: The sky is dark. Street lamps pass by. Mija turns her head.The Iranian man stitches Jay's forehead with greatconcentration. He looks nervous. The procedure is illuminatedby a flashlight between his lips. An IV bottle feeding intoMija's arm dangles precariously in the moving truck. FADE TO BLACK: FADE IN: Still night, still inside the moving semi. The Iranian man isgone. Mija's wound is bandaged. K is driving, talking on thephone, his back to us. Jay has regained consciousness. He'ssitting up, yelling at K, but we can't hear what he's saying. A huge truck blasts by in the opposite lane with a deafeningnoise. 102. At that moment, all sounds come rushing back to Mija - theroaring wind, the growling engine, Jay and K's shouting. JAY (CONT’D)Are you sure? K Yeah! It has to be true. Jay looks conflicted. He sees that Mija is awake and turns toher. JAY Are you okay? MIJA Yes. K turns his head slightly. He translates in a rigid, formaltone, sitting upright and tightly gripping the steeringwheel. MIJA (CONT'D)Where are we going? Jay and K look at each other. They hesitate. JAY We're going to Okja. MIJA Really? JAY (nods)Yes but... You should know that the situation... it's not good.I'm sorry. Mija becomes scared. She doesn't even want to ask. Jay thinksbefore asking... JAY (CONT'D)What's the Black Chalk responsetime after we infiltrate? K Six, seven minutes at best. K floors the pedal, accelerating further. The MUSIC becomesfaster, like a heartbeat fueled by adrenaline. The truckbegins to shake as it enters a dirt road. 103. JAY Is it even possible to do it inseven minutes? MIJA Do what? The truck pulls an abrupt turn. Even amidst the shaking andthe clouds of dirt from the road Jay maintains his calm gaze. JAY Sorry. We are going to need yourhelp. MIJA (Annoyed by Jay's obliquecomments)My help with WHAT? K abruptly stops the truck. Jay and Mija and K climb/tumbleout into... ...a vast feedyard. JAY Helping us find Okja! Mija gasps at the sight before her. The field and the nearbyhill are densely packed with thousands, no, tens of thousands of Super Pigs. Standing atop the hill is a factory-typeslaughterhouse... EXT. FEEDYARD - NIGHT MIJA Okja! Mija, Jay and K split up and run in DIFFERENT DIRECTIONSthrough the field shouting Okja's name - small dots in thevast field filled with countless Super Pigs, all with thesame face. Soon they are far away from each other. K (Calling)Okja! Suddenly K comes face to face with an OLD SECURITY GUARD. Theman rushes K, and K knocks him to the ground as politely ashe can. K sees the fallen Security Guard calling for help on hisphone. He looks at his watch. 104. K (CONT'D)Shit. K quickly telephones Jay - who is somewhere far across thefield. K (CONT'D)Seven minutes. Starting now. JAY Damn. (Calling)Okja!! Mija shouts Okja’s name as she runs, even louder than Jay.She suddenly stops when she hears a LOW GROWL. Is it Okja? Ahallucination? She turns toward the sound to find... ...a long line of pigs marching into the entrance of theslaughterhouse, silhouetted by the bright light from inside.A solemn death march. MIJA (mumbling to herself)Okja... The pig at the top of the line turns toward Mija, cryingdesperately. MIJA (CONT'D)It's Okja! Mija quickly looks for Jay and K, but they're too far away.There's no time. She has to do this alone. Mija runs as fast as she can toward the slaughterhouse. Okjasees her and cries harder, but she is shoved further down the line into the slaughterhouse. K sees Okja and calls after Jay, who turns and begins runningtoward Okja with K. A WORKER at the entrance gives Okja's bottom a jolt with ataser. Quick and efficient, an everyday routine. Okja starts walking again. She enters the slaughterhouse. MIJA (CONT'D)No!! Don't go inside!! Mija's voice is overwhelmed by the machinery noise comingfrom the slaughterhouse. She sees an employee's entrance 40metres from the door Okja walked into. She hurries towardsit. 105. INT. SLAUGHTERHOUSE - NIGHT Mija enters the 'factory of death'. The structure islabyrinthine, and she has no idea where to go. She's consumedby shock and fear. The humidity, the revolting smell, thedeafening noise, the slick, blood-covered floor. A traumaticsight for a girl who grew up in the mountains. Various slabs of meat hanging from metal hooks move steadilyalong the aerial conveyor system. Instinctively, she runs inthe opposite direction of the movement. WORKERS wearing large noise-blocking earmuffs stand along theconveyor system and go about their jobs. They look at Mijawith some curiosity, but return to their work. They're unableto leave the ever-moving production line. Mija finally arrives at the stun box - aka the execution box. She sees a Super Pig being forced into the box. Its head isfirmly fitted into a hole in the front. A YOUNG HISPANICWORKER aims a large bolt gun at its forehead and prepares toshoot when he sees Mija running toward him. He brieflyhesitates but soon returns his attention to his task. CLOSE on Mija’s face. We hear a BANG. The worker hasevidently pulled the trigger. Mija is too horrified to even scream. Mija freezes after witnessing the execution in all itsgruesome reality. The next Super Pig is led into the stunbox. It's Okja. MIJA (a trembling voice)Okja... Mija goes blank, completely petrified. She looks straight atOkja, whose head is being threaded through the 'hole ofdeath.' MIJA (CONT'D)It's okay... Okja seems to know that death is imminent. She desperatelytries to free her head. She looks up at Mija with tear-filled eyes. MIJA (CONT'D)Because... Mija's voice trembles. The Hispanic Worker looks at Mija ashe reloads the bolt gun. He doesn't know who the hell thisgirl is or why she's here. He just carries on with his work. 106. MIJA (CONT'D)Even this man... With his eyes still on Mija, the Hispanic Worker aims thebolt gun at Okja's forehead. Okja closes her eyes when shefeels the cold barrel of the bolt gun on her forehead. Tearsfall. Mija looks into the Worker's eyes. MIJA (CONT'D)...he doesn't want to do this. Mija raises her hand at the worker. 'Hold on.' She reachesinto her back pocket with her other hand. For some reason,the Hispanic Worker is compelled to hold back from pullingthe trigger. He looks into Mija's eyes. Mija removes a PHOTOGRAPH from her back pocket. She shows itto the Worker. It's one of the photos from Mija's room. 10year-old Mija tightly hugging Okja. The Hispanic Workersquints at the photo, his bolt gun still trained on Okja'sforehead. The production line becomes backed up, and the ALARM beginsto sound. Red lights flash throughout the slaughterhouse. CLOSE ON the Hispanic Worker's ambiguous expression. He points at the photo Mija is holding -'that pig...' - and then points at Okja -'...is this pig?' Mija nods quietly. The Hispanic Worker freezes. The fingeraround the trigger trembles lightly. Just then Jay and K arrive, out of breath. They stop next toMija. Okja stays absolutely still with her mouth fiercelyclamped and eyes closed. Suddenly... A loud metallic CREAK. The large stun box leans to the side. We see the HispanicWorker holding down the button. Okja, still alive, slides onto the conveyor belt below. Mija's legs give in and she falls on her knees. She embracesOkja's head. Her arms continue to shake. The Hispanic Worker looks down at them with a heavy heart.But he soon breaks out of his lull and returns to work like nothing happened. He brings in the next pig. The ALARM andthe red lights stop - the production line being back tonormal. 107. Mija sobs as she watches the continued death march. K hurriesover and helps Mija onto her feet. Jay leads the group towardthe exit. As they round the corner... NANCY Was this what caused the alarm? FRANK I believe so. ... they come face to face with Nancy and a dozen MIRANDOEXECUTIVES, performing an inspection of the facility. We seeBlack Chalk Mercenaries arriving at the entrance and runningtoward Okja. NANCY I’m staggered that security is solax some hooligans were able tostop our entire production line,even for a second. FRANK It won't happen again. Please notethat Black Chalk was here exactlyon time. Seven minutes after Security telephoned them. While all the Executives look down at their watches, Black Chalk Mercenaries quickly surround Mija and the gang. One ofthe Mercenaries discovers K's A.L.F. tattoo as he restrains him with a PlastiCuff. He treats Jay and K even more violently upon realizing who they are. Mija glares at Nancy. NANCY Isn't this Lucy’s beloved 'FearlessPig Rider?' FRANK She is. And that would be our Best Super Pig. NANCY What's it doing out here? It should be on a meat hook. Tension fills the room. Mija carefully breaches the silence.She speaks in English. MIJA I wanna go home, with Okja. Mija says each word slowly and clearly. 108. NANCY No. It's my property. Mija is not sure what Nancy is saying but continues to starestraight into her eyes. MIJA Why you want to kill Okja? NANCY We can only sell the dead ones. Jay barks at Nancy with his hands cuffed. JAY You should be ashamed of yourself. NANCY Quite the opposite. We're prettyproud of our accomplishments. K Psychopath. NANCY No. We’re hardworking businesspeople. And we've got it down to anart. Well, a science. Nancy points at specific parts of a Super Pig carcassdangling on a hook behind her. NANCY (CONT'D)There's the tenderloin. For the sophisticated restaurants! Mexicanslove the feet. I know! Go figure!We ALL love the face and the anus. They’re American as apple pie! HotDogs! It's all edible. Everythingbut the squeal! Will I go on? No. Iwon’t go on. Frank gestures to the Black Chalk Mercenaries. They grab Jayand K by their arms and begin to pull them out. Jay turns to Nancy as he's being dragged out. JAY You're Nancy Mirando, aren't you? Nancy glances at Jay, curious. She raises her hand at theBlack Chalks to hold. 109. NANCY And you are? JAY Let Mija and Okja go. NANCY Why? K You already have shitloads of money. NANCY (genuinely baffled)But this is BUSINESS. JAY (quietly)I hold all creatures dear to myheart Nancy but... You’re cryingout to be an exception. Nancy scoffs. The Black Chalk Mercenaries violently drag Jayand K out of the slaughterhouse. Frank gives a signal to theManager, who in turn signals his employees. The Workers runover and drag Okja toward the stun box. MIJA Wait! Mija's voice booms throughout the slaughterhouse. She zipsopen her ridiculous fanny pack and reaches inside. She takes out the shiny gold pig that Hee Bong gave her. Mija holds up the gold pig. MIJA (CONT’D)I wanna buy Okja! Alive! Nancy looks at the gold pig, amused. The little girl isimpressive. Mija pushes the gold pig toward Nancy. It glidesacross the slick, blood-covered floor and stops at Nancy'sfoot. Frank takes out his handkerchief and wipes the bloodoff as he picks it up. Nancy picks up the gold pig and studies it carefully. Shegives it a quick bite with her front teeth. A strange,grotesque expression appears on her face. She winces at thelingering smell of blood before quietly gazing at Mija. NANCY (to Frank)We have a customer! 110. Frank looks back and forth between Nancy and Mija, his facialexpression peculiar. NANCY (CONT'D)This is worth a lot of money! Makesure the girl gets home safely. Thefirst ever buyer of a Mirando SuperPig!(happily, to Mija)Congratulations on your purchase! Frank calls one of the Black Chalks and delivers a few instructions. Nancy turns around and continues her inspectionwith the Executives. Mija finally unclenches her fist, whichshe'd been nervously squeezing the entire time. Once thetension lifts, her chest swells with a mixture of emotions. EXT. FEED-YARD - NIGHT Two Black Chalk Mercenaries lead Mija and Okja across theexpansive feed-yard. Mija looks back and sees the line ofpigs marching into the slaughterhouse. The death march lookseven sadder under the beautiful light of the moon. Mija'sheart is heavy as she leaves the rest of the pigs behind. The pigs inside the fence watch Okja enviously as she leaves.Two Super Pigs walk along the fence and begin following Okja.Mija and Okja look at them curiously, soon noticing somethingbetween the two adult pigs - a small PIGLET, their baby. The mother pig pushes the baby through the fence with hersnout. The piglet is small enough to fit through the wire,but it kicks and squirms and refuses to separate from itsparents. The mother stubbornly shoves it through the fence. Mija realizes what the mother is trying to do. She quicklyherds the piglet under Okja’s belly and looks at the twoBlack Chalk Mercenaries walking ahead. They are too immersedin their conversation to notice. The baby pig keeps looking back as it treads along under thecover of Okja’s belly. Its mother and father poke their headsover the fence and let out a heartfelt SQUEAL - a goodbye. As they do, other super pigs notice the BABY ESCAPEE andbegin SQUEALING as well. Their cries spread, until ALL thesuper pigs in the feedyard have joined in - a CACOPHONY ofSORROW, but also of DEFIANCE and CELEBRATION. The Black Chalks look around dumbfounded. As they do thecries reach a crescendo, and one of the pigs begins POOPING. 111. And then THOUSANDS do. Thousands of super pigs shoot poop outof their behinds like fireworks - a bizarre and miraculous act of rebellion. A celebration of life. Mija continues walking, a brave smile, her eyes moist. Okja carefully traipses along, minding the piglet underneathlike her own. I/E. MIRANDO TRUCK - NIGHT Inside the moving truck. Mija sits inside the cargo area. Wefollow her gaze to find Okja sleeping in front of her,exhausted from her ordeal. Okja opens her mouth to yawn, andwe see the tiny piglet peeking out from underneath Okja'shuge slab of a tongue. When Mija reaches out her hand, thepiglet crawls out and jumps into her arms. Okja doesn't evennotice that the baby is gone. She continues to sleep, gentlyrocked by the moving truck. The truck travels along the darkroad. EXT. WOODS - DAY CLOSE ON Mija's face as she sleeps. Fragments of light fallthrough the leaves and flicker on her face. Mija opens hereyes at the sound of BIRDS CHIRPING. She looks down at herbelly where the piglet has fallen asleep with her face down.Mija gently runs her hand over the piglet's body. Mija, inturn, is lying on top of the sleeping Okja. A tower ofbodies: Okja - Mija - the piglet. A gentle breeze blows from the woods. The piglet shifts inher sleep and falls off Mija onto the grass. She looksaround, dazed, before finding a place underneath Okja's earand returning to sleep. The woods, the sun, the breeze. Peace is all around. With her eyes closed, Okja flaps her ears and creates agentle breeze for the piglet. Lying on Okja's back, Mijalooks up at the trees and the blue sky. EXT. MIJA'S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON Hee Bong sets up an early dinner on the table outside. Hewalks back and forth between the kitchen and the front yardcarrying vegetables and boiled eggs and other side dishes tothe table. Chickens leisurely roam the yard. Hee Bong smellsthe boiled potato in his hands as he brings it to the table. 112. Okja and Mija enter the frame and pass the yard toward theshed. Okja suddenly stops and looks into the camera. Shestares for a while before she is dragged into the shed byMija. The piglet comes in late. She runs around the yard kicking updust and scaring the chickens. Hee Bong walks out into thedusty yard with two bowls of rice and utensils. HEE BONG Mija! MIJA (O.S.)I'm here! Hee Bong sits at the table. He shouts toward the shed. HEE BONG Hurry up! The food's getting cold! MIJA (O.S.)Coming! Hee Bong waits. He picks up the green soju bottle next to thetable and peers into it. A tiny bit is left on the bottom. Hee Bong can't hold his hunger any longer. As he picks up thespoon and digs into the rice... THE END END CREDITS begin with lively MUSIC. As the CREDITS of theKEY CREW appear one by one, we CUT TO the exterior of aprison all the way across the globe, somewhere on the EastCoast of the US. EXT. PRISON GATE - DAY Bright sunlight greets Jay as he exits the penitentiary. Wecan tell from his hair and beard that he was inside for at least a year or two. K welcomes Jay, offers him a cigarette. K (grinning)You’re sure you don’t want to getsome rest first? I mean you onlyjust got out... Jay smiles without answering. As a bus SWOOSHES into frameand blocks our view, we... CUT TO: 113. INT. BUS - DAY The bus speeds through city streets. Jay's face fills theforeground. He looks back at the seats behind him to see... Red, Blond, Silver scattered around the bus. They each greethim with a knowing glance or a slight hand gesture. Silverlooks healthy, rejuvenated. K enters the FRAME and sits next to Jay. K (quietly)It's going to be big. Record-breaking. A lot of folks have flownin from the Midwest and Canada. JAY Great. K Oh, I want to introduce you to anew member. When K waves, a small Asian man enters the FRAME. We recognize him as KIM - the ex-Mirando truck driver. He shakeshands with Jay and returns to his seat in the back. K (CONT'D)He runs 'Mirandoisfucked.com'. Just arrived here from Seoul. Kim sits between Red and Blond and chatters incessantly likea little bird. K (CONT'D)He's a chatty one... Jay smiles and opens his bag to remove a black balaclava. Kgives a signal to the other members, and they all take outtheir balaclavas. The sound of drums and marching band musicgrows louder as the demonstration site approaches. JAY I'm guessing most of the Mirandobig wigs will be there. K Of course. Including Nancy. Jay flashes a slick smile as he puts on his balaclava. Theother members don theirs as well. The remaining passengerstake out balaclavas too, revealing themselves to be A.L.F.members. A sea of black all around. 114. The only people without balaclavas are two OLD LADIES who look around with befuddled looks. The bus loudly rumblesthrough the bright sunlight, and the music from the festivalreaches a crescendo. As the MUSIC continues, the remaining CREDITS begin to CRAWLOVER BLACK. SNOWPIERCER byBONG Joon-ho Revised byKelly Masterson Based on the Graphic Novel Le Transperceneige ByJacques Loeb & Benjamin Legrand & Jean-Marc Rochette Final Draft 2011.11.11 PROLOGUE - TOP CREDITS FADE IN: SMALL TV FRAME OVER BLACK SCREEN: at an air force base somewhere, a news REPORTER in short sleeves and ear phones,holding a microphone, stands under the burning sun. He is breathless, excited, on the verge of hyperventilating -this is the biggest story of his young life! REPORTER Good morning. On this day, July1st, 2014, at this hour - 0600 - 78 countries have begun... ROOOAAAAR - a Military Jet takes off in b.g. Reporter holdsa hand to one ear over his ear phone and shouts to be heard: REPORTER (CONT’D)78 countries have begun to disperseCW-7. CW-7 has been the subject ofmuch controversy as environmentalgroups have protested itsdevelopment and deployment. ROOOAAAAR - another jet takes off as Reporter takes up asoccer ball size plastic MODEL in his hand. REPORTER (CONT’D) CW-7. This is a core molecular model of CW-7. CW-7 is the answer to global warming...it has beenclaimed. ROOOOOAAAR -this one goes right over Reporter’s head -he ducks as if the jet will hit him; scared and exhilarated. REPORTER (CONT’D)Today, as we speak and as you cansee - here and around the world... CUT TO: IMAGE of military aircraft, against the sky,dispersing CW-7, leaving streaks of white behind them. REPORTER (V.O.) (CONT’D)CW-7 is being deployed into theupper layers of the atmospherewhere it will bring down averageglobal temperatures to the optimumlevels of the last century. And we are witnessing it! REPORTER grows ever more flush with giddy excitement over theroughly shaking image with an explosive noise of a successionof jets taking off... * * * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 2. REPORTER (CONT’D)We are witnessing the very, thevery, the very avalanche of a new dawn. Today will forever be knownas the beginning of the end - theend of our long crisis; the end ofour suffering and our fear; the endof the, the, the tyranny of globalwarming! Good bye global warming. ROOOOOAAAAR - the image has become so shaky, we can barelysee the REPORTER as he drops the CW-7 model and shouts: REPORTER (CONT’D) This is the end! MAIN TITLE: SNOWPIERCER / LE TRANSPERCENEIGE DISSOLVE TO: 1 EXT. THE OLD WORLD THROUGH TELEPHOTO LENS: a foggy, dreamy image of white takesshape into a white blizzard that blows ever more violently. An AFRICAN ELEPHANT walks with difficulty, staggering andgrowing faint. As the strengthening storm covers it in ablanket of white, the elephant falters. Its massive bodytumbles solemnly to the ground... 2 INT. TRAIN - SOMEWHERE At the sound of a heavy clang, a GIRL's eyes pop open. TITLE: 17 years later, A.D. 2031 In the heavy darkness, her two eyes blink soundlessly. In a cramped space, the girl's body undulates to a regular rhythm. GIRL (V.O.)From the day I was born, there hasalways been this rattling. Because I was born on a moving train. Over the sound of a train's wheels RATTLING: GIRL (V.O.)I'm seventeen. The train has been rattling for the past 17 years.Outside the train, I hear the sound of snowflakes falling onto thefrozen earth. No one is out there. Everyone is inside, the Train... * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 3. INT. TAIL SECTION - ENTRANCE A massive, iron Gate fills the screen. A SOLDIER holding arifle, pulls a lever. The Gate slides open to reveal: Endless freight cars, dark and filthy, like alleys in a poorvillage. TAIL SECTION PASSENGERS, shabbily-dressed, lookinglike vagrants, stand in cramped, packed rows of five across. SOLDIER 1 Head check! Passengers sound off their Numbers -“One” “Two” -and crouch into a sitting position, each in turn, row after row, furtherand further into the next car, like a cave... Soldier 1 clicks furiously at the counter in his hand: 251252-253... CURTIS (34) does not count and he does not sit. With a sharpglare of concentration, Curtis remains stiffly upright as thewaves of obedient Passengers count and crouch. Curtis - a lone standing figure. SOLDIER 2 Sit down! Curtis shows no concern. He stares past the iron Gate to thegate beyond and the one beyond and the next... SOLDIER 2 (CONT’D) (aiming his gun)I said sit down! Curtis does not budge an inch. Passengers flinch in surpriseat the sight of the leveled gun inches from Curtis. His fingers count on his thigh - 2-3-4 - as gates close one by one. EDGAR (20), anxious, sitting, pulls Curtis' pant leg. EDGAR Curtis - sit down. Sit down... Curtis sits suddenly - ignoring Soldier 2 and his gun. EDGAR (CONT’D)What the fuck are you doing? CURTIS Counting. EDGAR Can’t you sit and count? You wanna get shot? You’re crazy... CURTIS Shut up, Edgar. I’m thinking. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 4. Passengers in the far-off last row finish their count.Hundreds of Passengers crouch in neat, silent rows, theirheads bob gently up and down with the movements of the train. SOLDIER 3 steps forward and lifts a megaphone: SOLDIER 3 Are there any experiencedviolinists here? Raise your hands! PEOPLE ... SOLDIER 3 Violinist! (mimics playing a violin)Violinist! The Passengers just look around nervously at each other. EDGAR Violinists? Fuck that. Bastards in the Front Section listening tostring quartets, getting massages,eating fucking steaks... CURTIS We will be different, Edgar. When we get there. When we get there. EDGAR (beat)I want steak. As the soldiers continue to shout, an elderly couple (GERALDand DORIS) hesitantly raise their hands. SOLDIER 3 Tell us your background. GERALD My wife and I played Violin in theBoston Symphony Orchestra. I was first chair... SOLDIER 2 grabs Gerald’s hands -startling him. He examines the hands. SOLDIER 3 Can you still play? GERALD Of course. You never forget. The soldiers mutter amongst themselves -“Boston?” -and, after smirking, call out to Gerald. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 5. SOLDIER 3 Follow me. Leave your belongings,we just need your hands. GERALD Not both? SOLDIER 3 Yes. Both hands. GERALD (taking DORIS’ hand)My wife, Doris, playsbeautifully... SOLDIER 3 They just need one person. GERALD Then I won't go. SOLDIER 2 (approaching)Who the hell do you think you are? Soldier 2 pulls Gerald away from Doris. She shrieks and clutches Soldier 2’s arm who whacks her in the face with the butt of his rifle. Bleeding, Doris falls and lies, unmoving,on the floor. Gerald yells out. Passengers gasp! In the grim, shocked silence, Soldier 2 brutally stomps onDoris’ left hand with his military boot. DORIS screams. GERALD Dory! * SOLDIER 2 Now she can’t play anyway. Edgar, temper flashing, stands up. Now it is Curtis' turn to grab Edgar’s pant leg and pull him back down. CURTIS Sit down, Edgar. EDGAR They can’t...we can’t just... CURTIS (steely)No. This isn’t the time. Gerald struggles as he is dragged away by Soldiers 1 and 2. GERALD Dory! I'll come back for you...I'll write to you! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 6. Gerald is dragged through the iron Gate. He calms as soon as he is through the gate - a small smile of hope andexpectation crosses his face. CLANK - the Gate shuts. EDGAR Fucking bastards... Curtis stares at the gates opening as Gerald is draggedthrough - he counts on his thigh as Edgar prattles - 1-2-34... EDGAR (CONT’D)...always treat us like this andalways we just sit here in rows... Shut up. CURTIS I’m trying to count. EDGAR We don’t count. SOLDIERS push a cart, with large wheels, filled with pitchblack 'protein blocks' that look like chocolate bars. In a familiar procession, Passengers line up in front of the cartand receive their protein blocks. Doris, bleeding, holding her mangled hand, rises and moves totake a protein block. With bloodied lips she eagerly gulpsit down...her flushed, swollen red cheeks twitching. 4 INT. TAIL SECTION - MIDDLE Curtis moves past squatting Passengers chomping proteinblocks. One after another, Passengers shake their heads -“No, not me” -as Curtis passes. Edgar hurries to catch up. EDGAR Curtis... (stares at his proteinblock)What does steak look like? I was real young when I got on the train.I don’t remember it at all. * * * Curtis: “...” * EDGAR (CONT’D)Is it square like this? I bet it’s damn fucking good, right? * * LATIN MAN suddenly stands and holds up his hand. Curtis grabs Latin Man’s protein block and finds a hole on the side, like on a block of cheese. * * * The hole! LATIN MAN * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 7. CURTIS (Hands it back) * Not it. * EDGAR Not it. Curtis continues on, Edgar on his heels. TANYA, a large * African-American woman, jumps up and down and waves. CURTIS * Tanya! * TANYA Curtis! Look! * Tanya points at TIM, her five year old son who holds up his * protein block. Curtis moves to Tim, looking at the block * carefully. There is a deep hole at the bottom of the block. * CURTIS Tim-bo - did you find it? TIM I did. I got it.(Curtis reaches for it)And I’m keeping it! Tim takes off running. Curtis runs after him. Tanya runsafter Tim. Edgar runs after Tim. TANYA Tim! Tim leads us on a merry chase through the Tail Section - a * slum crowded with multi-ethnic residents - giggling and * holding his protein block aloft, through the cubbyholes, hungblankets, passageways, pipes... Tim barely evades Curtis’ grasp as he darts away. Passengers * shout and yell as Tim knocks into them - they jump out of theway of the rampaging Curtis, Edgar and Tanya in hot pursuit. Edgar and Tanya corner Tim only to lose him when he climbsthe wall and swings from the pipes over their heads. Tim * drops and runs - he looks back and laughs and shouts... TIM It’s mine. All mine... ...and runs smack into Curtis, lying in wait. * CURTIS Got ya! Curtis snatches up the boy and lifts him in the air, and * tickles him. Tim screams in delight and wriggles like a fishon a hook. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 8. TIM No! No, Curtis... CURTIS Gimme, gimme - come on, Tim-bo,give it up... Tanya, winded, arrives, huffing and puffing and laughing.Only Edgar does not think this is funny. EDGAR Give it up, kid. CURTIS What will it take? What do youwant? TIM In the whole wide train? CURTIS In the whole wide train. TIM (face lighting up)The ball! CURTIS The ball? Oh, no. Not that. TIM Yes. Yes. I get the ball for awhole hour. CURTIS Done. Tim ceremoniously hands Curtis the protein block. To Edgar: CURTIS (CONT’D) Edgar! Get Tim the ball. Edgar rolls his eyes and walks away muttering. EDGAR What am I - your fucking slave? Tim hurries after Edgar jumping up and down in excitement.Curtis shouts after Edgar: CURTIS You’re my trusted number two! EDGAR Number two. Great, you know whatthat is - number two...? Tim holds up two fingers. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 9. TIM It’s two. I’m four hundred and thirty three. You know how long Ihave to wait to get the ball ifI... Shut up. EDGAR Curtis examines the protein block: at the bottom, a thin,deep hole. Curtis nods, satisfied. He smiles. CURTIS Thanks, Tanya. 5 INT. TAIL SECTION - TENT AT THE REAR A sharp knife cuts the protein block, slicing through thehole. * WIDER - Curtis cuts carefully and removes a small capsulemade of metal and opens it: a rolled up RED PAPER inside. Curtis unrolls the Red Letter and reads the silver lettering. GILLIAM (O.S.)Red letter? * ANGLE -GILLIAM (70’s), sits against the back wall of the train, wrapped entirely in rag-like clothes with only hisface protruding. * CURTIS Yes. According to our informant,he’s in the Prison Section now. * * GILLIAM So his name is... (reading)N, A, M, K, U ... * * CURTIS Nam Kung Min Soo. GILLIAM Strange name. Nam Koo Soo what? CURTIS We’ll just call him Nam.Vietnam. Like The tent flap opens and Edgar appears. Through the open flapwe get a glimpse of Tim kicking a makeshift ball made of oldrags tightly wound. * * EDGAR (grabbing the Red Letter)What’s it say? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 10. CURTIS (grabbing it back)Edgar! Curtis takes the Red Letter to a metal wall where dozens of others are posted. He puts the new one in the final * position. EDGAR (reading over Curtis’shoulder)The hell... he’s in prison? * CURTIS Shut up. EDGAR If he’s such a great securityexpert why can’t he just breakhimself...? CURTIS (sharp)Edgar! Curtis motions with his head for Edgar to leave. EDGAR openshis mouth to speak but CURTIS’ look is steely. EDGAR turns a pleading face to GILLIAM. GILLIAM Out. * Edgar, pissed, hurt, reluctantly leaves the tent - he getsstruck in the head by the ball as he exits. The flap closes. EDGAR (O.S.)Tim! * Tim speeds off as Edgar gives chase, their clamoring quickly * subsiding. * CURTIS (bitterly)I’m sorry. He’s an idiot. But he’s our idiot. GILLIAM Young. These train babies. Again, calm silence hangs between them. Curtis takes a deep * breath then puts protein blocks onto a small table to * represent train cars: * CURTIS OK. We’re here, Tail Section, Quarantine section, Prison Section. Gate, gate, gate.(MORE) SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 11. CURTIS (CONT'D) According to what I saw today,there were 4 seconds when all three gates were open at the same time.We have four seconds to go throughthree gates and we'll be in thePrison Section to get Nam out. GILLIAM Our fate depends on this Nam guy? * CURTIS That’s right. * (draws in a deep breath)If we can get him to cooperate, wecan seize control right up to thefront of the train. * GILLIAM To the very front section... CURTIS Yes. Everything in one stroke. We * liberate the whole train. We * control the engine, we control the * world. If we don’t, we get * nothing. Past revolutions all * failed because they failed to take * the engine. * GILLIAM So... what are you saying? * CURTIS This time, we take the engine. * GILLIAM Then what...? * CURTIS * (in a low voice) * We waste him. * A heavy silence falls between Curtis and Gilliam. They look * at each other calmly. * GILLIAM * ... Wilford? * Curtis nods. Gilliam's gaze fixes on a metal plate on the * train floor: Property of Wilford Enterprises. * CURTIS' POV: carved in relief on an impressive iron metalplate on the wall: Wilford Enterprises * CURTIS * You should govern the train now, * not Wilford. * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 12. GILLIAM I’m a shrunken old man. decades ago... My day was 6 INT. TAIL SECTION * ANGLE: On Curtis’ face deep in thought, as he liesuncomfortably in a cramped sleeping quarter, constructed outof wooden freight boxes. Edgar lies right below him wideawake, looking up at Curtis. * * * * Sleeping? EDGAR * * CURTIS ...yeah... * * EDGAR Good night then... * * ... CURTIS * * Edgar’s eyes stay on the compartment above. All of a sudden, they hear the sound of a couple breathing heavily, then themoaning sounds get louder... * EDGAR ...thinking about Alice, aren’tyou? * * * No. CURTIS * * Bullshit. EDGAR * * CURTIS (sighs) Edgar... * * EDGAR I guess it’s possible you don’tremember her so well anymore. It’s been what... 4 years since theydragged her off? She was one fine lady. * * * * * * The ever more agitated movements of the couple cause theboards to creak. Suddenly, scores of strange bugs crawl outfrom the boards. * * * CURTIS What would it be like? * * EDGAR Damn fucking good. * * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 13. CURTIS No. I mean the baby. What if nine months later, the baby is born...and the first thing he sees isthis... this place. How would he feel? * * * * * * Curtis squashes a bug. Splat. * ...cold. EDGAR * * Edgar pulls a dirty rag up to his neck and lets out an icybreath. * * CURTIS That baby is going to grow upeating tasty soup and potatoes,steak too, in a clean, warm room at the front of the train. And he will go to school. * * * * * * School? EDGAR What was that again? * * The ear-splitting sound of clanking metal! Curtis, with lightening speed, pokes his head into the hallway. * * A SHORT SPOTTER runs the hall clanking a metal pan loudlywith a stick. Here and there, anxious heads look out from their cubbyholes to check out the commotion. * * * Shit! CURTIS 7 INT. TAIL SECTION - ENTRANCE * FLASHING RED LIGHTS signal an inspection. Curtis and Edgarrun full out toward the Tail Section Entrance, jumping overpeople as they go. * * * At the entrance area, where the protein blocks are rationedout, Soldiers shove Passengers into line. Curtis pretends tojoin the rows while he keeps his eyes on the Gate. * * * CLOSE-UP of a woman's high heels as she walks through thesliding gate. The camera moves up and we see CLAUDE (early30’s), pale face and bobbed hair. Behind, followingOFFICERS, SOLDIERS and armed POLICE. * * FUYU, a Japanese Officer, carrying an enormous Atlas and abriefcase, stands just behind Claude’s right shoulder. FUYU Quiet, everyone! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 14. Fuyu gives a signal and the Soldiers seize children atrandom. Parents scream and clutch onto their children, but they are ripped away. Several dozen children are lined up infront of Claude: CHAN, a Chinese boy, a white toddler... SNAP - Claude snaps her fingers and Fuyu unsnaps and opensthe briefcase. Claude pulls a tape measure from the casewithout acknowledging Fuyu. Claude steps forward and precisely, wordlessly, quicklymeasures the children. Each time she finishes measuring achild, the tape retracts with a loud “THWAK!” before she pulls it out again. Parents cry. Curtis is angry - but he puts a restraininghand on Edgar’s arm to keep him in check. Claude measures the arm of ANDY, six years old. His father, ANDREW, cringes in fear and shouts... ANDREW No! Claude’s piercing, fierce look shuts him up. Claude looks at the children - displeased. Then her eye catches something onthe periphery: in the front row stands Tanya. A round shape * bulges from her skirt. * CLACK CLACK - Claude walks straight to Tanya, right up to her * face. They stare at each other, the dark Tanya and the snow-* white Claude. Curtis stands a few rows behind, observing. * Claude pulls out the tape and uses it as a pointer - she * gently lifts the skirt with it. Tanya looks down nervously * to reveal: the makeshift ball. * Claude glances at Tanya before she lets go of her skirt and * turns to walk away. Tanya breathes a quiet sigh of relief. * Instantly, Claude signals to Fuyu. Two Soldiers run to Tanya * on Fuyu’s order. * TANYA * (tapping her skirt) * Run, Timmy! * Tim guns out from under Tanya’s skirt and runs to the end of * the train. Tanya blocks Soldier 1 but misses Soldier 2 * rushing after Tim. Tanya and Soldier 1 wrestle as nearby * Passengers also get tangled up in the scuffle. * AHHHH! A scream breaks out as Soldier 2 drags Tim forward. * TANYA (CONT’D) * NO!!! TIM!!! * Tanya’s eyes go wide in fear but she is paralyzed. Curtis * tenses as Tim is dragged to Claude who quickly measures him. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 15. CLAUDE (points with her tape)These two. * * * Tim and Andy are dragged off by the departing Soldiers.Claude turns heel to follow. Tanya breaks her paralysis and,in a wild frenzy, breaks through the line of shields withHerculean strength. She chases after her son. Timmy! TANYA Mommy’s coming... Combat Police surround her and begin to club her mercilessly. NO!!! CURTIS DANCING CLUBS fill the screen - Tanya lies on the floor, cutdown like firewood. While Police focus on Tanya, Andrewbreaks through the line like an arrow. Taken by surprise,the Police stare dumbly at him for a second. ANDREW (throwing his shoe)Give me back my son, you fuckingbitch!! Claude, at the Gate, turns back to the insulting voice as theold shoe sails through the air and the heel smacks herdirectly in the forehead. Her steely expression does notchange. Fuyu cries out in shock. Soldiers grab Andrew and throw him to the ground. boots kick and kick and kick the bloodied Andrew. Soldiers’ * Claude touches a pinky to the trickle of blood on herforehead. She looks at it, sucks the blood off and clicks away on her heels. Curtis' mouth hangs open in a shocked stupor. His eyesnarrow as he watches the back of the departing Claude. * 8 INT. TAIL SECTION - PORTHOLE * Andrew, bruised and bleeding, kneels with his old shoe in hismouth. He looks ridiculous. And weak. Soldiers, armed Policemen and high-ranking Officers surroundAndrew to watch two gigantic men snip off his shirt withscissors. They are - the FRANCO BROTHERS - that appear to bea strange, well-oiled machine. The Franco Brothers work on Andrew like a couple of butchersdressing a dead cow, greasing his arm with a blue liquid gel. Fuyu consults his thick “Atlas:” maps show the intertwining rail lines. He speaks to himself. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 16. FUYU ...Longitude 10 degrees 45... Fuyu closes his Atlas with a smack and writes calculations asthe Franco Brothers place a METAL RING around Andrew’s arm * just below his armpit. On the wall, above Andrew’s kneeling form, is an identical metal ring. FUYU (CONT’D)At this high elevation, we needonly 7 minutes. Tail Section passengers grimace in anger, pain and sympathy.A few turn around to regard Curtis whose face also registerspain and rage. Gilliam is glimpsed behind him. Fuyu suffers a pang of remorse looking at Andrew, beforeputting a hefty clock on Andrew’s neck. It’s a timer clock * being used for measuring cooking time. He pushes the button * to activate the clock. Fuyu turns around and bows politely to a well-dressed, well-groomed middle-aged man who comes forward. He is MINISTER MASON who appears rather mild and cultured. FUYU (CONT’D)Seven minutes allotted for yourspeech, sir. Mason nods and picks up a wireless microphone, standing infront of Andrew, whose face is distorted in great pain. MASON This is so disappointing. Behind Mason, Fuyu and a FEMALE OFFICER repeat his statement. FUYU (in Japanese)This is so disappointing. FEMALE OFFICER (in Spanish)This is so disappointing. FUYU (in French)This is so disappointing. FEMALE OFFICER (in Chinese)This is so disappoint... MASON Cut that out - I only have sevenminutes. (he lifts the shoe)Passengers, this is not a shoe. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 17. FUYU (sullenly silent) MASON This is disorder. This is size ten chaos. This - see this - this is death. No one pays attention to Mason, all are focused on Andrew’s agony. MASON (CONT’D)In this locomotive we call home, we have but one barrier between our warm hearts and the bitter cold. (waves the shoe)Clothing? Shields? No! Order! INSERT - the train races down the dark mountain side. * Andrew’s arm exposed outside the train freezes in a raging snowstorm. MASON (O.S.) (CONT’D)Order is the barrier that holds back the frozen death. Order. We -all of us Passengers on the Trainof Life - must remain in our allotted stations. ON MASON: MASON (CONT’D)We must each of us occupy...(waves his hand in apeculiar motion)...our par-tic-u-lar, pre-ordainedposition! Mason places Andrew’s shoe on his head. MASON (CONT’D)Would you wear a shoe on your head?Of course you would not wear a shoeon your head. The Tail Section PAINTER flips to a blank sheet in hissketchbook and draws. MASON (O.S.) (CONT’D)A shoe does not belong on yourhead. A shoe belongs on your foot.A hat belongs on a head. I am a hat and you are a shoe. I belongon the head - you belong on thefoot. Yes? So it is. ON ANDREW in agony. MASON checks the ticking clock. He is warming to his task - his speech growing more florid: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 18. MASON (CONT’D)Why am I a hat, you ask? What prescribes order, you ask? ANDREW Aahhh!!! MASON (CONT’D)In the beginning, order wasprescribed by your ticket. First class, economy, you get my drift.Eternal order is prescribed by theSacred Engine. All life flows from the Sacred Engine and all things intheir place, all Passengers intheir Section, all water flowing,all heat rising pays homage to theSacred Engine... MASON (CONT’D)...in its own par-ti-cu-lar preordained position. Yes? So it is. ON CLOCK ticking. ON DRAWING in Painter’s hand -Minister Mason with a shoe on his head. Mason, intoxicated with his own speech, gets louder with excitement... MASON (CONT’D)Now, as in the beginning, I belongto the front, you belong to thetail. When the FOOT seeks the place of the HEAD, a sacred line iscrossed. Know your place! Keepyour place! Be a shoe! Mason dramatically finishes - he expects applause but doesnot get it. He checks the clock - oops... MASON (CONT’D) Mmmm... We have some time left. Let us go to a special comment fromMr. Wilford, the Divine Keeper ofthe Sacred Engine... Fuyu gives an order to the Soldier at the back who turns on aspeaker-type device - but its crackling noise fills thetrain. MASON (CONT’D) Sir? Mr. Wilford? SPEAKER BZZZZZZZ....CRACKLE...BZZZ Curtis looks at the Speaker with curiosity. MASON He’s busy. So it is! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 19. DING - clock chimes, indicating that seven minutes havepassed. Franco the Younger unfastens the metal ring and pullsin Andrew’s arm. Andrew screams with pain and stares at his arm: frozen solid from metal ring to fingertips. Franco the Elder taps the armwith a spoon. It produces a clear sound, like ice. He nods to Mason who raises his arm straight up. Andrew’s frozen arm is laid on a chair. Franco the Younger holds up a huge hammer. All eyes -awash with fear and rage -focus on Mason’s raised arm. The front row men, the Tail Section’s ‘Army,’ look to Curtis for the word to attack. Edgar shows Curtis a sharpblade he has hidden. He whispers: EDGAR Are we just going to watch? CURTIS Not now. EDGAR (furious whisper)Not now? Why not now!? CURTIS Timing is everything. Edgar seethes. Curtis looks at Andrew in fear and agony.Curtis closes his eyes. Mason drops his arm. Franco the Younger’s hammer swooshes through the air and crashes down on Andrew’s arm, which * breaks apart with a sickening noise of something hard yetsquishy. Fuyu cringes and looks away. Gilliam stands up, letting his rags drop. His entire body isrevealed for the first time. He has one arm and one legeach. But he has no trouble balancing himself. A lean, muscular YOUNG MAN gently squeezes a crutch * underneath Gilliam’s armpit. Gilliam walks out towards Mason. Like the subjects of anelderly king, the Tail Section Passengers noiselessly move to open a path for Gilliam. The Young Man stays on Gilliam’s * heels - his eyes darting about to locate danger. Other Passengers follow behind Gilliam, each of them missing * an arm or a leg. Soldier 1 suddenly points his gun at * Gilliam. SOLDIER 1 What are you doing? Sit down! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 20. Gilliam walks forward as if not hearing him. The Young Manpositions himself between the GUN and Gilliam. Mason putshis hand up to Soldier 1. MASON Lower that useless gun, stupid.(to Gilliam)It’s a pleasure to see you again,Mr. Gilliam. GILLIAM ... MASON You look healthy. Ignoring Mason, Gilliam walks to Andrew, unconscious, propped up by the Franco Brothers. He touches Andrew’s face gently. MASON (CONT’D) Release him. Andrew is released and collapses. Gilliam catches and supports Andrew and passes him off to the Passengers missinglimbs, who bear him away. GILLIAM Minister Mason. Please deliver a message to Mr. Wilford. MASON Of course. What shall I...? GILLIAM Tell him, he and I need to talk. Mason is taken aback and cannot come up with a response. MASON (chuckles)Well... you can talk to me. Mr. Wilford has no reason to visit here... Gilliam moves away, not listening to Mason. CURTIS (to himself)Not here... at the front. Curtis, standing in the middle of the row and eyes glitteringcoldly, stares at Mason who huffs and moves away. Music starts like a low heart beat. A montage sequence commences. * * * * * * * * * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 21. 9 INT. TAIL SECTION - SOMEWHERE SCRAPE - SCRAPE - the sound of heavy iron scraping against ametal floor is heard. One by one, men remove sections of thepitch black sewer pipes left in the old freight box... RUMBLE - RUMBLE - the sewer pipes are rolled forward. 10 INT. TAIL SECTION - ELSEWHERE A MARRIED COUPLE lifts the wooden board that serves as their table to reveal a base of sewer pipes standing on theirsides. A HEAVYSET MAN from the Army hoists up the pipes. 11 INT. TAIL SECTION - OLD THAI MAN’S DWELLING Sewer pipes are neatly stacked for use as a display case. In each round hole can be found crude household utensils. OLD THAI MAN waves his walking stick at Edgar. OLD MAN (in Thai)You can't have this! You rude ingrates! EDGAR Thanks for your cooperation! We really appreciate it. Edgar signals the Army to carry off the sewer pipes. Hittingthe men's backs haphazardly with his walking stick, the OldMan continues to shout in Thai. 12 INT. TAIL SECTION - MIDDLE RUMBLE - RUMBLE - A group of BURLY MEN roll a line of sewerpipes forward creating a heavy roar, making the whole TailSection reverberate. Edgar, counting, doesn't see a piperolling towards his foot... EDGAR Thirty one, thirty two...(after a shocked pause)AAAAAAAHHHHHH!! 13 INT. TAIL SECTION - DARK PLACE Curtis, in dim light, steps over a pipe to join a BLACK MANand ARABIC MAN trying to screw one sewer pipe into another. CURTIS Turn it around - you have itbackwards. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 22. The men lift the pipe to turn it around - Curtis dodges outof the way of a small object whizzing by his head. CURTIS (CONT’D) Hey! Curtis looks into the shadows - DARK FIGURES scurry away intothe shadows and hide. DARK VOICE (O.S.)You’re going to get us killed. Curtis peers into shadows - a blinking, broken light flashesto reveal several big, greasy barrels marked: “Danger -Industrial Waste - Flammable - CHRONOLE.” DARK VOICE (O.S.) (CONT’D)You’re no Gilliam... CURTIS You want to live in this filth for the rest...? DARK VOICE 2 (O.S.)Better that than die for yourstupid scheme... Curtis takes a protein block out of a cloth bag tied to hisbelt. He holds it up and the Dark Voices go silent. In the darkness, their eyes blink with longing. Curtis throws the protein block and Dark Figures shriek and run after it. We see now they are near naked, emaciated men streaked blackwith filth. In a corner, they fight over the protein bock. Curtis reaches into a Chronole barrel and scoops out ahandful of small lumps. He places them in the cloth bag andties it to his belt. * 14 INT. TAIL SECTION - MIDDLE * Music and heavy booming sounds echo through the Tail Sectionas the Army assembles the pipes in a row. At 80cm (2 1/2feet) wide, the lengthening shaft becomes a giant battering ram. 15 INT. TAIL SECTION - ENTRANCE * ANGLE - WE FLOAT along with the gun held by Soldier 1. The focus moves from the gun’s magazine to close-ups of Curtisand Gilliam. * * Curtis' POV: Soldier 1 moves farther away beyond the steel gate. * * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 23. CURTIS (quietly)They don’t have any bullets. * GILLIAM Why do you say that? CURTIS Did you hear Mason? He said - putdown that “useless” gun. GILLIAM He meant he would not give theorder to shoot me. CURTIS No - I think the guns are literallyuseless. They used up all theirbullets four years ago, in the lastrevolt. Bullets are extinct. * * * GILLIAM If you’re wrong, we could befinished before we start. * * CURTIS It’s a revolution. We have to be willing to pay the price. I’ll die first if I have to. * * * * 16 INT. TAIL SECTION - VARIOUS STEADICAM SHOT: On the walls of this dwelling are countlessdrawings like illustrations in a history book: * People Climbing Aboard the Train; Stampede of Passengers;Hungry Vacant Eyes; Gilliam Speaking to the Passengers... Painter flips through old sketch pads. He finds what he is looking for, jumps up and heads out through the crowd,clutching the sketchbook, ignoring the loud conversations ofthe milling crowds. The Army grapples with leather straps tied to the giganticsewer pipe, rhythmically trying to lift it. EDGAR One, two, one, two... * PAINTER (mumbling as he passes)One, two, one, two... Painter turns and approaches a small cargo box, marked with ared cross. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 24. Painter enters an impromptu hospital: a couple of bunk-beds,make-shift medical tools and medicines are visible. Andrew, now one-armed, lies on a lower bunk. ANDREW * Andy! * PAINTER This... * (opening the sketchbook)Is this your...son? Andrew's eyes open wide. He takes the picture in hisremaining hand. NURSES also look at the picture withinterest - a portrait of Andy. * PAINTER (CONT’D)The picture’s no good, I... * (mumbling) * It’s just...something to make youfeel better... Tanya’s huge head suddenly enters the frame, suspended upside down. Tanya, eyes swollen and bruised, drops from the upperbunk to the ground with a loud boom, like a grizzly bear. TANYA How about MY son? Do you have oneof Timmy? Before Painter can respond, Tanya snatches the sketchbook andfrantically flips through looking for Tim. She finds it! TANYA (CONT’D) Timmy! My boy, my baby. Tanya’s face contorts with sorrow and despair. She rips the page with her son’s portrait out of the book. PAINTER Ah! Gentle! Tanya... But Tanya is gone - the sketchbook dropped to the floor. STEADICAM tracks Tanya’s bulldozing walk. She talks to the * drawing: TANYA Look at your silly smile - I knowthat look - you just got caughtdoin’ something you’re not supposedto do, didn’t you? Oh baby...Mommyforgives you. She passes through the Army and approaches Curtis. She places Tim’s portrait in Curtis' face with a look of appeal. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 25. CURTIS No Tanya, I’m sorry. TANYA Oh, yes I am, Curtis, or you will be sorry. I am going to the frontand make that bitch sorry she everset her hands on my baby. Curtis shakes his head but Tanya is determined - she pointsat the Army. TANYA (CONT’D)You know I’m stronger than all yourskinny ass soldiers put together. Curtis looks at Tanya for a while then sighs withresignation. He holds Tanya’s hand and walks to the front. * Curtis replaces a big man at the front of the sewer pipe withTanya. She grabs the grip and joins: ARMY One, two, one, two... Curtis moves to the front of his Army. The excitement and smell of revolt spreads over the crowd. He shouts: CURTIS OK, OK - huddle up. Army sets the pipe down with a loud boom. We see the piperuns from here all the way up to the gate along one wall. At the gate, Edgar, his chin on a cross bar, keeps watch. Curtis stands above his Army - seated on the pipe. He speakslow but with force: CURTIS (CONT’D)Check your weapons. Make sure theyare small enough to hide in yourclothes. ON METAL ROD as ARABIC MAN slips it inside his belt and putshis shirt over the top. CURTIS (CONT’D)Keep enough distance between thesecond and the third teams! At the * rear... BLARE - BLARE - the alarm, the March tune and blinking lightserupt surprisingly. Edgar comes running from the Gate. CURTIS (CONT’D) What...? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 26. EDGAR Schedule change! They moved itup...they’re coming...they’recoming! In confusion, the Army lifts and drops the pipe with a boom.Lifts and... CURTIS Stop! Don’t panic! ...drops - BOOM. Curtis climbs on the pipe and shouts: CURTIS (CONT’D)Stick to the plan! This is it. The Passengers turn into a chaotic mass, running back andforth and slamming into one another. Curtis moves to his place - mid-line - while Edgar and Tanya hurry to the front. CURTIS (CONT’D) (muttering)Four seconds, three doors... CUT TO: RUMBLE - RUMBLE - the train rumbles on. The screen is filled with the image of the steel Gate as inthe introduction. A Soldier’s Hand pushes open the heavy * Gate. Passengers stand in lines of five as usual, as if nothing wasamiss. Soldiers, likewise, push the carts of protein blocksper the routine. Curtis eyes the cart’s wheels. Edgar takes up position ‘five’ to obscure the pipe, Tanya takes ‘six’ directly behind him. Edgar is agitated. If he sits, the pipe will be revealed. SOLDIER 1 Head check! “One” “Two” -call out and crouch. Edgar is agitated. If he shouts “Five” and sits, the sewer pipe will be exposed to the Soldiers. “Three!” “Four!:” the man in front of Edgar shouts and crouches. EDGAR Five, six, pick up sticks! TANYA Seven, eight, open the gate! Soldier 1 steps forward towards Edgar. SOLDIER 1 You’re five. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 27. Tanya and Edgar joyfully, loudly play the counting game: EDGAR AND TANYA Nine, ten - say it again! SOLDIER 1 No, you’re five - you’re six... EDGAR You’re Seven! TANYA (to approaching Soldier 2)You’re Eight! CLICK - CLICK - Soldiers 2 and 3 step forward and pointrifles at the heads of Edgar and Tanya. Their eyes go widewith fright - this wasn’t supposed to happen... PAINTER Let’s eat! Come on! PASSENGERS Let’s eat!! We want to eat!! Eat! Eat! Eat! Eat! Passengers shout and jump up and down - there is pandemonium. Soldier 1 summons the other Soldiers for a huddle as the shouting and stomping continues. We catch snippets of the * Soldiers’ argument: SOLDIERS ...head check...waste of time...just give the shit... SOLDIER 1 OK, OK. (steps forward with armsraised)Quiet down! You will count off as you get your protein blocks. Go. Passengers move forward to take protein blocks, count off andretreat to the rear. As Edgar moves to Curtis, Tanya takeshis space to obscure the pipe. The Army remains in place to * hide the pipe. All eyes turn to the nervous Curtis andGilliam. GILLIAM (in a low voice)Still going for it, are we? EDGAR Now? Finally now? Curtis observes the Soldiers, the Carts, the Gates - the rifles. Edgar flushes with excitement and bloodlust. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 28. CURTIS The rifles. EDGAR Fuck ‘em. We outnumber their bullets. Curtis. Curtis weighs his decision - this is the moment of truth. A LATIN WOMAN, chewing her protein block, suddenly clampsonto something. She pulls out a metal capsule. The capsuleis passed hand to hand until it reaches Curtis. GILLIAM Red Letter? Curtis stares at it in his palm without opening it. EDGAR What the fuck? Open it! SCREECH - the gate begins to open... Edgar, impatient, grabs the capsule away to open it butfumbles it and it falls to the floor. Curtis watches a Soldier’s back walking towards the prison section opening the gates one by one. Edgar kneels to retrieve the capsule rolling away from him. At the moment when the three gates open at the same time,Curtis, with lightening speed, bolts for the First Gate. Edgar grabs the rolling capsule and tries to open it. Gilliam and all others stare at him in shock. Curtis charges at Soldier 1 who aims his gun: * SOLDIER 1 Stop! Stop! Curtis grabs the barrel of the rifle, puts it to his ownforehead and reaches for the trigger with his other hand.Soldier 1 is so taken aback that he turns into a blue-faced statue. Everyone, paralyzed in shock, stares at Curtis. * With a roar, Curtis pulls the trigger. CURTIS Ahhhhhhhh! CLICK - nothing. EDGAR (shouting)THEY’VE GOT NO BULLETS! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 29. EDGAR drops the Red Letter: “No Bullets.” Passengers overwhelm the Soldiers like a vast human tsunami.Curtis viciously kicks Soldier 1 in the gut. The Soldiers fall like leaves under a hail of fists, steel rods and confiscated rifles used as clubs. * Go! CURTIS Forward! Go! EDGAR Forward! Tanya and Army lift up the sewer pipe-battering ram. BANG - the ram smashes into the protein block cart. The cart, stuck into the pipe, is propelled forward. Curtis jumps on the cart as it passes through the first gate,propelled by the awesome power of the Army. BLARE - BLARE - alarms sound. * * SOLDIER 1 Close the gates! Curtis' POV: the second meshed-steel gate rapidly approaches. The cart wheels spin intensely. Curtis and the battering rampass through the second iron gate. SOLDIER 1 (CONT’D) Close the gates now! Soldier 5 runs like hell to push a button to shut the gates. One of the cart wheels bounces off into the air! SCREECH -the cart’s metal bottom sprays bright sparks from the friction with the metal floor. Undaunted, the Army shouts indefiance, letting out a deafening roar, and keeps pushing. Soldier 5 jumps up to push the button but Curtis is faster.He pushes Soldier 5 down and the ram goes through the Gate. BOOM - the battering ram is abandoned. The sliding Gatebites the pipe to no avail. The “mob” rushes through the Gate, beating and subduing any remaining Soldiers withprimitive, makeshift weapons. * 17 INT. PRISON SECTION Curtis, atop the Cart, Edgar and Tanya survey the fallenSoldiers with the bright sheen of the temporarily insane. Heavily armed Prison Guards, equipped with shields, helmetsand dully threatening clubs flow out to meet the rabble. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 30. CURTIS (shouting)Team 1 retreat! EDGAR Team 1 retreat! CURTIS Team 2 forward! EDGAR Team 2 forward! Team 1, breathing heavily, falls back while Team 2, thebiggest men, move forward imposingly from the rear. Prison Guards, unlike the scurrilous Soldiers, move in a tight,streamlined manner to dominate the small Prison Section. BANG -the two groups clash; the blows from Team 2’s steel rods fall on the shields like rain. KIIIII - the train takes a curve, the open Gate grates on thebattering ram. The screeching noise is soon lost in thebattle roars as Team 2 forces the Guards back in retreat. PRISONERS confined in oddly designed chambers scream theirheads off, encouraging the Team 2 Rebels. CURTIS PUSH! EDGAR PUSH! A MONGOLIAN GIANT appears from behind the Guards, as ifswimming against the tide of Team 2. He is a head and a half taller than the Guards and carries a gargantuan spanner. GIANT (in Mongolian)Ma ne kiris yava!!! The Giant swings the spanner like a baseball bat, hitting * Team 2 Rebels left and right. The tide changes - Team 2 ispushed back. Edgar, without intending to, comes up face toface with the Giant. EDGAR (in a small voice)Um... Curtis? Curtis withdraws a steel rod and walks forward. Gilliam, at the rear, observing coolly, turns to the YOUNG * MAN behind him. * GILLIAM Grey... You go. * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 31. He drops his battered coat to reveal a body lean as a whip, * strong as taut steel and covered with scars and tattoos - all * words. He holds a peculiar steel rod. The Giant, breathing * hard, swings the spanner as he stares at Grey. * GILLIAM (CONT’D) * ... Now! * Grey jumps into the air, kicking the walls, and LEVITATESgracefully above the Giant’s head who barely has time to look up before Grey’s steel rod SLAMS into the crown of his bald head. The Giant goes down without a peep. CLANK - the prison keys on Giant’s belt hit the metal train floor as he lands. The tide changes for the final time as Team 2 goes berserk,pushing the Guards forward into the next Train Section. When the last Guard is kicked beyond the threshold, Edgar locksthe steel gate - CLUNK. The Army, Teams 1 and 2, and Tanya jump up and down, roaringwith joy and triumph. Victory! Grey picks up the bundle of keys from the Mongolian’swaistband and presents it to Gilliam, bypassing Curtis. CURTIS (slightly stumped) ... GILLIAM (searching through keys)So which one of these lead us to our security expert? TIME CUT - Curtis walks past the chambers looking at andchecking each prisoner, who scream their heads off, asking * Curtis to get them out of the Prison Section. At the very end of the Prison Section is the “Punishment Ward” composed of a series of drawers, each big enough to fit an adult body, in a design similar to a morgue. Curtis reads the labels on the drawers. ON LABEL: “Nam Koong Min Soo” with smaller writing beneath. CURTIS (reading)“Nam Koong Min Soo...ChronoleAddict.” EDGAR Chronole? Fuck that - we don’t want a Chronohead. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 32. Gilliam passes the bundle of keys to Curtis who respectfullytakes it and then tosses it to grumbling Edgar. CURTIS Edgar, hurry up and open it. EDGAR (fingering the key bundle)Why do you always give me theshittiest jobs? CURTIS Because I trust you. Edgar rolls his eyes - “how do I argue with that?” Edgar, annoyed, tries each key on the keyhole this way and * that way. He inserts a small key and - CLICK. With an * expectant smile, he pulls open the drawer. NAMGOONG MINSOO, a big-bodied, unruly-haired Asian man liesinside, his face covered with an unshaven beard. Edgar pokes * him with the tip of the key, but Namgoong is as unmoving as alog. Curtis shakes Namgoong who does not respond. * CURTIS (CONT’D) Hey, wake up! Curtis holds up the cloth bag. He extracts a lump of * Chronole. Gilliam standing next to him, pensively takes asniff. GILLIAM Is this Chronole? CURTIS Yes. It’s an industrial resource * they used in the Cargo Section -highly flammable. If you inhale * the stuff, you start to * hallucinate. Sort of like opiates. * I hear it’s big in the frontsections. GILLIAM Mmmm... CURTIS (to himself)The best way to control a druggieis - drugs. Curtis places a lump of Chronole under Namgoong’s nostrils. Namgoong suddenly wakes up, sniffing. NAMGOONG (waking)Uhhh... SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 33. CURTIS Are you Nam Koong Min Soo?(no response)Kyungnam Corporation, securityspecialist? Namgoong looks at the faces hovering over him like a sleepy-* eyed, hibernating bear suddenly awakened. He projects a weirdvibe: goofy and mysterious at the same time. CURTIS (CONT’D)Are you the guy who designed andinstalled the door-locks and security provisions on this train? No response. EDGAR What’s wrong with you - you fryyour fucking brain with that shit? CURTIS Nam! Are you listening? Nam? * Namgoong, tired, regards Edgar, then reaches on the wall tosnatch up a small machine labelled “SimultaneousInterpretation Service.” Namgoong pushes a button and the readout declares “Language Code 27 = Korean.” NAMGOONG (sighs, in Korean:)Yes, I am listening... fuck... INTERPRETER Yes, I am listening, fuck. The interpreter’s voice is that of a bright, clean young woman. The bizarre contrast between the kind, polite voiceand “fuck” stops everyone in their tracks. NAMGOONG (Korean)And my name is not Naem! Nahm! And it’s Nahm-Goong! That’s mylast name! Min-Soo is my firstname. Got that? Fucking idiots! The interpreter beeps frantically: “Please repeat slowly.”Everyone simply stares at Namgoong, utterly befuddled.Curtis holds another interpreter unit in his hand. CURTIS Anyway, we want your cooperation. NAMGOONG For what? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 34. CURTIS You can open all the gates in thistrain. Namgoong is silent. CURTIS (CONT’D)We’re going to the front and weneed you to open all the gates. NAMGOONG What if I say no? Curtis stares at him intently and then shows him the lump ofChronole. Namgoong tries to remain stoic but cannot hideminute ripples of desire in his expression. CURTIS For every gate you open, one lumpof Chronole. NAMGOONG ... CURTIS It’s the best shit. Uncut. Straight from the barrel. Curtis flips the lump to Namgoong. Namgoong lets it drop tothe floor and stares at Curtis. Beat. He bends down, seemingly to pick it up but instead removes a piece ofcigarette and a MATCHBOOK from his shoe. “Wow!” -everyone looks with eyes rounded like saucers. TANYA Marlboro Lights?! PAINTER Holy shit - cigarettes have beenextinct for a decade now... ON MATCHBOOK: a bright sun blazes over a beautiful sandybeach, advertising “FIJI” Everyone pushes forward to watch Namgoong open the matchbook -FOUR MATCHES. He plucks one, strikes it, lights thecigarette and sucks on it for a long stretch. Everyone isdizzy in shock. Even Curtis’ eyes flutter as the smell hits * him. NAMGOONG (to Curtis)You want some, asshole? Namgoong blows smoke in the air. Several people breathe in * the scattered wisps of smoke, their eyelids fluttering. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 35. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)I bet you fuckheads never smoked * one before, huh? CURTIS You’re a fucking Chronohead so let * me make this real simple for you.Help us, you get your drug. Don’t, we put you back where we found you.What’ll it be, asshole? NAMGOONG ... The People tense up. A Chinese boy suddenly runs to Nam and * snatches the matchbook from his hand. People shocked, stare * at Chan running off. Namgoong stares at him and then throws the cigarette buttaside. “Yikes!” -all at once, the crowd dives toward the butt. The space between Namgoong and Curtis fills with milling bodies. POW -Namgoong’s fist lands squarely in the center of Edgar’s face -blood erupts. He kneels on Edgar’s abdomen and snatches the keys from Edgar’s hands. He rises... KAPOW! Namgoong knocks out each man who tries to stop himfrom “escaping.” Curtis grabs Namgoong’s shirt. But Namgoong stops before another drawer and locates a key. Namgoong opens the lock and pulls the drawer out to revealYONA (17), an Asian girl, dead asleep despite all thecommotion in the section. He pokes at the girl’s head. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Get up. YONA Shit... Yona reluctantly sits up - dirty and clad in short pants anda T-shirt. She drapes herself in rags she used as a blanket. NAMGOONG My daughter, Yona. If I go, she goes too. CURTIS So you're coming with us? NAMGOONG One gate, two lumps of Chronole.Two people - two lumps. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 36. Yona completely ignores the curious stares from the crowd andconcentrates on dressing. She seems totally out of it;carelessly yawns, then burps. Curtis considers her. CURTIS She’s an addict, too? 18 INT. PRISON SECTION - GATE CLOSE UP of Yona’s strange, dreamy eyes. YONA’S POV: Namgoong manipulates complicated machinery inside a wall panel with spider-dancing fingers. The Steel Gate is flanked by the Rebel Army, ready to jump as soon as it opens. Yona suddenly grins a little and mumbles: YONA Nobody there. CURTIS Nobody...? Yona puts her hand out and shouts clearly in English: YONA No Chronole, no opening! Curtis hands Yona two lumps of Chronole, while keeping hiseyes on Namgoong. SWOOSH - the hydraulic gate opens. Edgar and the Army,weapons out, flood into the next Section to find it totally empty. Deflated, they move gingerly into the forwardsection. Curtis regards Yona suspiciously... * CURTIS How did you know...? Yona rushes to Namgoong with her prizes - Chronole.Namgoong, holding a lump in each hand, claps and rubs themtogether with furious speed. The Chronole crumbles to dust which Namgoong continuously and eagerly sniffs. * Yona, next to him, stamps her feet repeatedly waiting for herturn until Nam passes the chronole to her. Sniffing,sniffing... * Druggies. Curtis shakes his head and turns back to his Army. Forward! CURTIS (CONT’D) Move! Forward! EDGAR Move! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 37. 19 INT. GUARD SECTION Edgar and the Army advance, repeating after Curtis. Gilliam and Grey bring up the rear. Namgoong and Yona, playfullykicking each other, move into a corner to sniff Chronole.Edgar breaks the silence: * EDGAR Where the fuck is everybody? EDGAR’s POV: the Prison Guards have left in a rush. floor is strewn with shields and clubs. The PAINTER (O.S.)This can't be a window, can it? At that moment, the train moves out of a tunnel, and the walls on the sides are revealed to be windows. Dazzlingsunlight pours into the section through the wide windows. The Rebel Army is regaled with a sight that none of them has witnessed for seventeen years: a mind-blowing vista of frozen snowscape, that seems to stretch to eternity. Everyone is frozen in place, mouths open, eyes wide open in amazement. Fuck me. EDGAR PAINTER Oh my God, it’s so... so...beautiful. TANYA So huge... Gilliam is the only one who does not look like a deer caughtin the headlights. GILLIAM ...and still cold. The train races through the frozen snow plain. Then, a longabandoned train station in a small town can be seen - on a platform are piles of corpses, frozen to death in the middleof a fierce struggle to get on the train to survive. * * Dead. GILLIAM (CONT’D) All dead. The long-frozen landscape of the small town rushes past -overturned cars frozen in place, helicopters suspended wherethey crashed. A doomsday landscape preserved in the exactstate of their final moments, flickers past without end... SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 38. Curtis is mesmerized but he pulls himself back from histrance - he shakes his head violently to re-focus. He looks away. He pokes, prods and pulls at his Army. CURTIS Enough! We didn’t come for this. Everyone focus! Keep moving! EDGAR Keep moving! Everyone tears themselves away from the endlessly unfoldingsnowscape to look forward once again. Painter pulls out hissketchbook and furiously captures what he has seen. Namgoong opens a small panel on the floor by the next Gate.Yona once again opens her palm to Curtis. * YONA No Chronole, no opening! CURTIS (handing out the lumps)How did you know there wasn’tanybody in here? Yona does not acknowledge Curtis. Like a zoo monkey with abanana, she snatches away the lumps of Chronole and hastily retreats. Namgoong’s efforts produce a bright spark. Yona suddenly straightens up - her head cocked to one side asshe looks at the Gate. YONA Coming this way... He’srunning...?? ?! CURTIS (not understanding) SWOOOOSH - a heavier sound this time as the steel Gate opens.Everyone waits anxiously as Curtis steps into: 20 INT. PROTEIN BLOCK MANUFACTURING SECTION HIGH-SPEED CAM: a slow motion image of PAUL, a man in a whitechef’s uniform, running toward the bewildered Army. * Paul? CURTIS Paul jumps up and grabs a ceiling pipe. Hanging down, hegrunts and swings, turning one of the valves in a weird way. Paul! EDGAR SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 39. Paul, barely acknowledging and bowing his head carelessly,jumps down with a boom and breathlessly runs off to tend abig machine resembling a fertilizer manufacturing device. EDGAR (CONT’D) Paul, man! I don’t believe it! * How many years has it been sincethey dragged you...? PAUL Give me a second. It used to work automatically... Paul runs and jumps up onto another pipe. Grunting, he turnsa valve, twitching like a pig in a butcher shop. Curtis and * Edgar move to him as he drops to the floor. CURTIS What are you doing? PAUL (embarrassed)The parts went extinct so I have todo this manually... EDGAR Do what? Paul hurries away to another valve which he turns once and -WHOOSH - the machine kicks in and begins spitting out proteinblocks from its mouth. The Army gathers around the machinewatching with curiosity and affection. TANYA Ah ha - so that’s how it’s made... Painter flips the sketchbook page from Frozen Landscape to ablank page to draw the machine as he circles it. Behind, he discovers a black powdery substance - the raw material for the protein blocks - passing through a thick glass tube. Curtis pulls Paul aside from the machine and the others. CURTIS So you’re the informant? PAUL What? Hey!! Paul sees Painter climbing to a platform to look inside thetank feeding the glass tube. He runs after him. PAUL (CONT’D)No! No - get away from there. Painter pulls back a hatch on top of the tank and looksinside just as Paul arrives to shove him aside! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 40. PAINTER Yecch! Painter bends over, ready to throw up. Curtis looks inside the tank. CURTIS ...!! CURTIS’ POV: the tank is full of millions of cockroaches, interlocked in a hellish vision of crawling, squirming movement. They seem to be cannibalizing one another.Crushed body parts are visible. The cockroaches are fed into a grinder that turns them to black powder. PAINTER All this time, we’ve been eating...? PAUL I eat them, too, you know...everysingle day... CURTIS (to painter)You can’t draw this. Painter nods, still gagging, as he rips the page from hissketchbook and tears it up. ANGLE - the Army eats fresh protein blocks spewing from themachine’s output belt. Tanya, her mouth full, shoves blocks into her pockets. TANYA Oh my God, oh my God, they’re stillhot. Mmmm - fresh, yummy... Painter, watching this, now vomits. CURTIS (looking at Tanya)This is the last time. We’ll never have to eat that shit again. PAUL What else would they...? CURTIS We’re going to the front - comewith us Paul. Join us. PAUL The front? No - my place is here. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 41. CURTIS Here - making that? Fuck that. Come with us - we’ll changeeverything.(Paul shakes his head)Isn’t that why you’ve been sendingus the Red Letters? PAUL Oh - these? (he takes a metal capsulefrom his pocket)I don’t write them. I just sendthem on. CURTIS You don’t...? Curtis snatches the capsule and opens it as he comes backdown the ladder. Gilliam moves to join Curtis. GILLIAM Red letter, lad? ON RED LETTER: “W A T E R” CURTIS ...Water? GILLIAM The Water Supply Section? PAUL It’s only a few cars away. That’s * where the water is cleansed and recycled. GILLIAM It’s one of the most crucial sections in the train... CURTIS If we seize it - we'll have the upper hand, yes? GILLIAM We won’t even have to get all theway to the front. We control the * water, we control the negotiation. Gilliam shrugs. Curtis’ eyes are ablaze as he looks ahead at * the next Gate. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 42. INT. GATE - PROTEIN BLOCK MANUFACTURING SECTION/ABANDONEDSECTION Namgoong works on a complicated panel, his eyes vaguelyunfocused. He frowns - things are not going his way. He switches wires around but nothing happens. EDGAR (frustrated)Come on already! You’re keeping uswaiting? Namgoong looks around, not a bit flustered, pushing thesensor portion of the translator against his lower neck. NAMGOONG Am I? EDGAR That’s right. You’ve been sucking * on Chronole so much, your brain isprobably protein gruel by now! NAMGOONG Hey, Chronole is the only reasonI‘m doing this shit. EDGAR That stuff’s the reason you’re sucha head case, man! NAMGOONG You’re the one who gives me thestuff every time I open the gate. EDGAR That’s the condition for openingthe gate! NAMGOONG So that’s what I’m doing, trying toopen the gate. While this surreal verbal sparring through the electronicsound of the translator machine is going on, everyone withweapons in their hands is getting tired, waiting in front ofthe door. CURTIS Yona? Yona: “what do you want?” CURTIS (CONT’D) How old are you? YONA Seventeen. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 43. CURTIS You’re a train baby, then? YONA Hee hee. It’s been rattling likethis all my life. ‘Bout you? CURTIS I lived in New York for seventeen * years. Then the Tail Section seventeen years. YONA 34. You’re old. What was New York * like? CURTIS Not that different from the tail section. Crowded and dirty. * YONA So your whole life has been crowdedand dirty. CURTIS Yeah, pretty much. In New York, I * was drifting around like a lost * turd. * YONA And now? * CURTIS I’m different now. YONA How? CURTIS Now I know where I’m going. * YONA Where? CURTIS To the front. YONA Mmm.. CURTIS Hey, Yona. Were you born * clairvoyant? YONA Clair... What’s that? * CUT TO: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 44. Curtis and Yona standing in front of the gate. CURTIS Can you see what’s beyond thisgate? Do you see anything? YONA I see sounds. (he doesn’t understand)I can even see the sound of snow falling outside... Yona lapses into silence - listening. She suddenly contortsher face in fear. CURTIS What is it? YONA (quietly)Don’t open it... Yona, deathly pale, jumps up and screams shrilly at Namgoong. YONA (CONT’D)LOCK THE GATE!!! Everyone is stunned by her unexpected scream which comes toolate: WHOOSH - the Steel Gate opens and heavily armored Soldierscarrying hand-axes flow in. CURTIS (rising and shouting)Teams 1 and 2 Forward! EDGAR Teams 1...! Edgar’s command is drowned out as the Army rises up with a roar and steel rods. CLASH - axe blades clash against steel rods - sparks fly!Bodies and blades clash and slice. The axe blades cut swaths of silver in the air and push back the Army. Grey stands protectively in front of Gilliam. Curtis moves Yona back, handing her to the retreating Namgoong. He joinsthe battle swinging a big metal bat down on a Soldier. He snatches the Soldier’s falling hand-axe and kills him. SPLASH - blood is showered on Curtis' face. He does not hesitate: eyes burning with savage bloodlust, he swings andswings his newfound weapon. Sunlight pours through the windows. The sweat and blood on the galvanized bodies shine like jewels. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 45. The screams, shouts and grunts gradually dwindle replaced bythe cold metallic clanging of axe-blades striking steel andthe rattling of the train. Arabic Man fights a Soldier with one hand while stuffing hisface with a hoarded protein block with the other. Fuyu enters with his Atlas and a Bullhorn. He consults his Atlas, then his wristwatch and nods to an ATTENDANT who sounds an enormous HORN - WAAAAA. Fuyu lifts the bullhorn. FUYU (beep from the bullhorn)Passing Yekaterina Bridge! Curtis and the Soldier he is fighting stop and peek outsidethe window. It dawns on everybody what is happening.Soldiers and Army alike, breathing hard, stop fighting anddrop their weapons to look out the window. EDGAR Yekaterina Bridge? It’s been a year, already? FUYU Ten seconds to Yekaterina Bridge!Ten, nine... Everyone joins in the countdown in a babel of languages: ALL Eight, seven, six, five, four,three, two, one! FUYU (loudly, through bullhorn)Happy New Year! SOLDIERS Happy New Year! EDGAR (abruptly shouting)Fuck it, I hate getting old... Fuyu leads the Officers chanting Buddhist-like prayers. FUYU Youkiguni dai zohachinen,engine yo aei en ni.(The 18th year of the snow piercer,Engine be forever!) OFFICERS (like chorus)Engine yo aei en ni! Wilford Ban zai! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 46. Curtis and Army stare at this ceremony, uncomprehending. FUYU Everybody down! Edgar drops face down on the floor. Everybody follows suit.A Soldier with a peculiar helmet prays. * FUYU (CONT’D)(in French)Everybody down!(in Japanese)Everybody down! CURTIS Get down! Watch your tongues!Clamp your teeth! Everyone gets down except Fuyu who walks to the window andCurtis who, kneeling, glues his face to the window-pane. CURTIS’ POV: as the train makes a stiff turn, the ENGINE CAR * can be seen -ridiculously far away. It’s silver, sleek rounded, bullet-shape nose races along the frozen landscape. CURTIS (CONT’D) Wilford... The nose transforms into a sharp arrow-headed lance to piercethe unseen snow and ice ahead. The front section races onto a precarious-looking bridge overa vast valley of frozen ice fields. It is God-knows-how manyhundreds of feet down to the valley floor in a descent almosttotally vertical. FUYU’S POV: massive white boulders of snow and ice block the path of the rapidly approaching engine - closer and closer... FUYU IMPACT! Curtis flattens beside Edgar. The train shakes like a submarine hit directly by a torpedo. Everybody screams andtries to grab something to keep them from flying away. The wheels jump into thin air for a half-second then smashdown on the rails amidst a rain of sparks. The train slowlyregains its stable rhythm. People sigh in relief. FUYU (CONT’D)Not yet! A second one! CURTIS Hold on! Once again, the train crashes into a large block of snow,shaking violently from the impact. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 47. ANGLE - Soldiers and Rebel Army crouch low on the floor.Beyond them - Yona and Namgoong stand straight up withChronole held to their noses. Edgar sees them and shouts: EDGAR Hey! Get down on the floor! Namgoong crouches down as if to follow Edgar's advice but,instead, hoists Yona up on his shoulders. High on Chronole,he walks unsteadily towards the window as Yona laughs. EDGAR (CONT’D)That guy doesn’t follow therules... CURTIS He’s crazy - we have to watch outfor him. Namgoong and Yona press their noses to the glass, they lookdown at the dizzying depths below. YONA Wow! NAMGOONG Sure enough, a thrill that comes once a year... NAMGOONG’S POV: a dizzying glimpse of a gorge down below. Yona, either from the drugs or the view, squeals in delight. FUYU Yukino katamarida~! The train smashes through snow boulders - white, crystallinefragments slide off into the valley, so far down they getlost in the white. Lurching wildly, the train shakes leftand right, up and down... Tumbling, the people roll and crash into each other. With Yona on Namgoong's shoulders, the two become even moreexcited and shout loudly. NAMGOONG/YONAAaaaaaaaahhhhhh! The wheels of the train shake so wildly that it seems it isabout to derail, but finally they take a precarious hold onthe tracks and become stable. Fuyu pulls himself upright and, carefully looking out towardsthe front of the train, pronounces: FUYU Safe passage! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 48. The train moves off the perilous bridge onto solid ground.Everyone - Soldiers and Army alike - rise and cheer; peoplecross themselves, others embrace, some resume chanting: OFFICERS Engine yo aei en ni! Wilford Ban zai! EDGAR We made it! Curtis brandishes his axe in a fearsome gesture. Edgar andArabic Man, flanking Curtis, raise their weapons. CLASH - the two sides form up and the battle resumes! Suddenly, a spear flies in from out of nowhere and piercesArabic Man’s chest. As he falls, another heavy spear flies through the air towards Curtis. At the last moment, Curtis deflects the spear with his axe blade. Everyone turns and looks in the direction from which thespears came: the Franco Brothers. With expressionless faces, the brothers advance. Directlybehind, Mason appears. In this strange lull in the fighting,Mason walks forward with a hard expression and a microphone.His cold voice issues from the speakers: MASON Happy Yekaterina Bridge, you filthyingrates! The blood-spattered faces of Curtis and Edgar, and behindthem Gilliam, turn towards Mason. MASON (CONT’D)You people, who if not for thebenevolent Wilford, would have frozen solid 18 years ago today!You people, who have sucked on thegenerous tit of Wilford for foodand shelter! And now... You pathetic stowaways, you repay his * kindness with violent hooliganism? * CURTIS ... MASON You people...(checks memo)...precisely 74% of you shall die! CURTIS Fuck you! It is you who is goingto die! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 49. Curtis' hand-axe, whistling through the air, somersaultstoward Mason’s head but is intercepted by Franco the Elder’s iron club with a loud clang. Mason regards Curtis, half-insane with rage, with a preternatural calm. MASON My friend - you suffer themisplaced optimism of the doomed. Mason nods to Fuyu who comes forward opening a large canvasbag: inside are weird-looking glasses. CLOSE-UP reveals them to be infrared goggles. CURTIS ...? The Franco Brothers and the Soldiers fit themselves with the goggles. Mason follows suit. MASON I'll watch from here. Edgar and the Army stare uncomprehendingly. NAMGOONG (in Korean)You guys are fucked. CURTIS (putting the interpreterearphone in)What did you say? Curtis turns to see: Namgoong, holding a pulled off panel, * squeezing Yona into the gap in the wall. * NAMGOONG You Tail Section hicks. There’s no way you could know there’s a tunnelright after Yekaterina Bridge. CURTIS A tunnel? NAMGOONG That’s right. A fucking long one. Namgoong swiftly puts the panel back on the wall over Yona’s * confused face. * NAMGOONG (CONT’D)(after taking a deep * breath) * Run, idiots! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 50. The lights go off one by one until the Train enters thetunnel. We are plunged into darkness. Soldiers, in frog-like goggles, flash as green after-images, then are gone. HMMMMM - a low hum is heard. * A SOLDIER’S POV: everything is awash in sickly green: the Rebels move frantically about, running into walls and eachother. The Franco Brothers and Soldiers charge at them. * Screams and shouts emanate from every corner. A Soldier creeps up next to an Army fighter entangled with another * Soldier and lifts his hand-axe slowly above the fighter’s head, grinning. Franco the Younger aims his spear at another warrior whoswings his steel pipe blindly and desperately, without aim.Franco the Younger pushes and pulls the tip of his spearclose to the latter’s face, having sadistic fun with it. CURTIS Light! We need light! EDGAR (feeling his way along thewall)Light! CURTIS Nam! Can you turn the lights backon!? NAMGOONG * No... * Namgoong is already running as fast as he can to the back, * pushing and stepping over people. Horrible sounds of bones * breaking, veins bursting, flesh tearing and the skin-crawlingsound of metal on metal fill the place. * Fuyu follows close on the heels of the Franco brothers,clicking a counter as each man falls down dead. He seems to be smiling but, incongruously, his eyes behind the goggles * are full of tears. FUYU Nana, Hachi... Mason, like a school principal inspecting a children’s exercise, watches calmly. Curtis' face shows despair for the first time, as the bodiesof his Army pile up. Then, suddenly remembering: INSERT - (from Scene # 17) image of Namgoong dropping the * matchbook on the floor and Chan snatching it up. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 51. Chan! CURTIS CHAN! We need fire! Chan? EDGAR CURTIS To the rear! Chan! We need fire! Chan! EDGAR FIRE! Pass it on!! The call is taken up and relays back through the Sections.Some do not even know what it means: “Chan!” “Fire!” * * 22 INT. TAIL SECTION - TENT Chan, crouching by Gilliam’s tent, hears his name echo back to him. He gets up, wondering; then he hears, “FIRE!” He frantically reaches into his pockets to find the matchbook.He opens it - three matches remain - and plucks a match. PFFFT - a tiny flame lights up the consuming darkness,reflecting on his face. He tears a piece of fabric of thetent and ignites it with the burning match. He wraps theburning cloth on a stick to make a torch. Curtis, far away, closes his eyes and speaks calmly: CURTIS ...Run! * Chan runs! 23 INT. TRAIN SECTIONS - CONTINUOUS Chan runs faster and faster, shaking and twisting, pantingand swinging the torch, getting faster and faster. An adult hand grabs the torch from Chan. It’s Andrew. Naked to the waist, he flies like a bat out of hell, holding theflame aloft like an Olympic torch. The stump of the severedarm shakes violently, drawing small half-circles in the air. The screams and shouts from the bloody battle grow louder asthe torch moves forward. Suddenly, Andrew’s feet -only one with a shoe - get tangled and he falls down! Someone with the grace and speed of a tiger shark snatchesthe torch from Andrew’s hand - and illuminates his inscrutable face: Grey. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 52. 24 INT. ABANDONED SECTION SOLDIER’S INFRARED POV: a bright white spot grows larger as it gets closer. Grey, Andrew, Chan and dozens followingthem, bear torches. In an instant, the field of vision is awash with an exploding nova, blinding the Soldier. * The Soldier, with a yelp, throws off the goggles. Grey’s fist, like a supersonic piston, hits his face. He staggersback and Curtis' hand-axe buries itself deeply in hisshoulder. * Aaaaah! SOLDIER The surviving Rebels remove their shirts to use as impromptutorches. Burning with bloodlust, they attack. Curtis swingshis hand-axe, dropping Soldiers left and right. He sees Fuyuand Mason far away over the Soldiers: * * Grey, jumping from head to head of Soldiers, lands on Fuyu’s back. He puts the dagger on Fuyu’s throat and sticks his forearm in Fuyu’s face -“Surrender.” Grey quickly shows Fuyu his other forearm: “Die.” Fuyu, frightened, shouts with absurdly clear diction: * * FUYU Surrender! Everyone stops and turns their attention to Grey and Fuyu. FUYU (CONT’D)Surrender! He will kill me if we don’t surrender! * Fuyu’s desperate eyes plead with Mason. what?” Fuyu, disappointed, mumbles: Mason shrugs: “So * FUYU (CONT’D)Anatawa hontoni ganbekki desune... Grey slashes his throat in an instant and leaps towardsMason. Franco the Elder blocks his path. Franco and Greyengage in a spectacular fight-to-the-death battle. Mason slinks towards the forward Section. Grey, whilefighting off Franco the Elder, finds a split-second to throwhis dagger at Mason, hitting him in the thigh. Aaaaah. MASON Mason stumbles. His short AIDE-DE-CAMP helps Mason up asCurtis charges shaking off Soldiers who try to block him likeraindrops on a wet dog. Franco the Elder is unable to break away from Grey and stop Curtis. Curtis is just about to capture Mason alive... SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 53. EDGAR (O.S.)Curtis!! Curtis comes to a full stop and turns to Edgar’s voice: Edgar, pale and trembling, is held by Franco the Younger frombehind, with a knife blade a millimeter from his throat. Curtis' POV: time slows down. The flame on the nearby torchdances languidly. Mason slowly seeps out of his vision, like * sloshing liquid. Franco the Younger’s ugly mouth pronounces “S-U-R-R-E-N-D-E-R” in slow motion. Curtis hesitates one microsecond before turning his back toEdgar. Edgar has a microsecond to register despair in hisface, and then Franco’s blade punctures a hole in his neck. * Curtis, hearing Edgar’s final scream, cannot look back. Instead, kicks the Aide-de-Camp aside and captures Mason -his hand-axe blade touching Mason’s pale throat. CURTIS EVERYBODY STOP! MASON Stop! Please, everyone... CURTIS (drags Mason to the front)I SAID STOP! Soldiers, realizing the situation, come to a stop. Franco the Elder is the last to stop swinging his iron club. CURTIS (CONT’D)Drop your weapons! Curtis looks briefly at Edgar - expecting to have his commandrepeated. A flash of anguish crosses his face but this isnot the time. His anguish is replaced by a savage look. At that instant, the train exits the tunnel. Everyoneinstinctively shields their eyes, squinting. CURTIS (CONT’D)Drop your weapons, I said! Curtis pushes the axe-blade into the skin of Mason’s throat. Beads of blood are drawn. MASON Do it! For crying out loud - dowhat he says! Soldiers drop their weapons one by one. Finally, the FrancoBrothers dump their clubs reluctantly on the floor. The Rebels snap into action. With no cheers of triumph thistime, they silently make sure these monsters are bound tight. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 54. CURTIS Make sure they are tied together! There is no one to repeat his words: Edgar is gone. The * soldiers are tied together like bulbs on a Christmas tree andstrung along a pipe. Curtis holds Mason firmly making sure he does not gaze atEdgar’s body. He subtly twists his stance so that it lies outside his field of vision. Franco the Younger stares at Curtis' back as two Rebels tiehis hands in the back. * CLANK - the PANEL right behind Curtis opens. Yona pokes her * head out of her hiding place. Still not following what’s * been happening, Yona steps out, stretching her body. * All of a sudden, Franco the Younger explodes in a blur -* snatching a hand-axe from a Rebel and lunging at Curtis'head. Everyone catches this moment google-eyed, unable to move... Except Yona who stomps on a spear lying across a dead body.The spear leaps up, levered by the body, and plunges throughFranco the Younger’s side belly like a knife through butter. FRANCO THE YOUNGER * Aahhh! Yona fall backwards on her butt. He is skewered straight * through - two feet of spear sticking out each side. He falls and -THUD -lands face up, his eyes still open, at Yona’s side. FRANCO THE ELDER (pupils dilate) ... Franco the Younger, face contorted with pain, juts out abloody hand and grabs Yona’s face. Yona looks down on him with a surprisingly calm gaze. Far from the rear, Namgoong runs toward Yona, pushing people * away. He violently kicks Franco’s bloody hand off Yona’s * face. * YONA’S POV: over Namgoong’s shoulder wiping blood off her * face, on Franco the Elder’s eyes. His cold, vacant eyes hold * Yona’s eyes for a long time. * Curtis finally allows himself to move to Edgar’s body. He kneels and comes face-to-face with Edgar - eyes and mouthopen in a silent scream. Curtis’ wet eyes shakeuncontrollably. Gilliam appears out of nowhere and shuts Edgar’s eyes. * Everyone watches the scene in silence. Gilliam straightens. * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 55. GILLIAM (quietly)Survivors clean yourselves. ... CURTIS GILLIAM (pointing)The Water Supply Section.your blood away... Wash No one moves until Grey breaks the line first and enters. On the ceiling are hundreds of pipelines. Grey follows apipeline into a large tiled room. He turns on a faucet allowing the water from a shower head to wash away the grimeand blood from his body. The half-naked Rebel bodies appear fragile, amidst tall metalcolumns, illuminated by golden sunlight peeking through thegrid-works of pipes above. 25 INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION - MIDDLE * Curtis walks through the gigantic water tanks and busynetworks of water pipes and machinery. He walks pastNamgoong trying to get the matchbook back from Chan. Curtis keeps walking and gets to a corner that looks like aseparated place from the section. * * ANGLE - in a far corner, Mason is bound to a chair, his infrared goggles still hanging around his neck. Tanya shovesthe portraits of Tim and Andy in his face. TANYA Have you seen these kids? ... MASON TANYA Where did you take them? MASON I don’t know anything about... Tanya glances sideways to catch a glimpse of a hand-axeswinging towards her - Andrew, enraged, swings at Mason asTanya jumps out of the way. No! MASON (CONT’D) Andrew deliberately buries the axe in the wall, an inch awayfrom Mason’s arm. Tanya grabs hold of Mason. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 56. TANYA Where are they!? Tell us! Andrew shoves his axe in Mason’s face and shows him his severed arm. Mason shakes with fear. ANDREW Tell us or I’ll cut your fuckingarm off! Even shorter than mine, you bastard! MASON Wilford... Wilford knows. Curtis and Gilliam move to observe Mason. MASON (CONT’D)Wilford likes kids. That’s whyClaude brings him...well... It’s * Wilford you want, not me. Tanya and Andrew look at one another, not sure how tocontinue. Breaking the silence, Gilliam steps between them. GILLIAM Wilford, that sad man. Is he still married to his God-forsaken engine? MASON The Engine is Sacred and WilfordDivine... CURTIS (stepping forward)Sent you to die for him, did he? Mason flinches. MASON No. Wilford is merciful... CURTIS Call him - see if he will come and save you. Mason looks to Gilliam to stop this nonsense. Gilliam shakes his head: GILLIAM Call Wilford. Mason dismisses Gilliam as the leader and turns to Curtis. MASON He won’t come here. He won’t leave his Engine... SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 57. CURTIS We’re going to rip you into littlepieces... He still won’t come? * Mason struggles to maintain his composure. CURTIS (CONT’D)We control the water. He’ll have to come here if we turn it off. MASON Turn it off? You’d only becondemning your own people. The water comes from the front. The nose breaks up the snow and ice andconverts it to water. CURTIS ... MASON Like an elephant trunk, the watercomes in the mouth not the asshole, Curtis. Curtis flinches as Mason mentions his name. MASON (CONT’D)You look rather confused, Mr. Curtis Everett. Curtis, confused, stares at Mason sharply. MASON (CONT’D)Yes, Wilford knows you well. He has been watching you. And we knowyou won’t harm your own people,Curtis. Too bad you couldn’t saveyour own second in command. What was his name - Edgar? CURTIS Shut the fuck up! Curtis draws his hand-axe and puts it to Mason’s throat with a murderous look in his eyes. MASON Curtis! Curtis! I can help you. CURTIS You can fucking die is what you cando. MASON I can help, I swear I can. Wilford won’t come to you. You’ll have to go to him and I can take you there.(MORE) SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 58. MASON (CONT'D) I know the train. I can guaranteeyou safe passage... CURTIS Why the fuck would I trust you? MASON Because I want to live. CURTIS You’d sell out Wilford the Benevolent? MASON If I take you to the front, youhave to kill him. I’ll get youclose enough. Kill him and let me live. In stark silence, Curtis observes the pathetic Mason -reduced to near tears. Beat. Curtis withdraws the hand-axe. 26 INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION - ELSEWHERE Low singing is heard from the neighboring Section, a dirgefor the fallen Rebels. Gilliam and Curtis sit together. GILLIAM You’re still determined to pushahead? CURTIS Of course. We’re only half way. GILLIAM You’ve made it farther than anyoneelse. Farther than MacGregor four years ago... CURTIS Ten cars, twenty cars, it’s all thesame thing. It makes no difference unless we make it all the way tothe front, to the engine. They’lljust regroup and attack us again.We have to pull them out by the roots. * * * * * * * GILLIAM But, so many have been killed.We’ve lost so many, and so havethey. * * * * CURTIS Yes, many have died... too. (MORE) Our Edgar, * * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 59. CURTIS (CONT'D) That’s why we have to move forward. * Or else he died for nothing. * GILLIAM What about the rest of us? Have * you seen our men? They are * exhausted. I told them to wash up * so I could check the damage. * Curtis nods - sad but unshaken. Beat. Then, without lookingat Gilliam: CURTIS Let me go ahead. GILLIAM * (sighs) * ... * CURTIS * Let me take the strong ones. I’ve * got Mason now - I can move morequickly. You stay here with thewounded. Guard our prisoners.When we have won - I’ll bring youforward to lead us. GILLIAM (in a low voice)Do you want to kill Wilford thatbadly? CURTIS I want to liberate the Tail Section. And I want to see the * whole train, the whole world run by * you... * GILLIAM (cuts him off) * Stop it, Curtis. Why are you doing * this? You know very well that * you’re already our leader. You * have to accept that now. * CURTIS * No... I don’t have what it takes, * not yet... How can I lead when I * still have two good arms and two * good legs? * Gilliam looks at Curtis gently, reaches out to Curtis’ left * arm and rolls up the sleeve to see: an old but deep scar. * GILLIAM * Hasn’t faded much... * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 60. Curtis, shameful, avoids Gilliam’s hand and pulls his sleeve * down. * GILLIAM (CONT’D) * It’s better to have both arms. You * can’t do much with one, you know. * Especially when you hold a woman, * it’s much better with two arms. * Wouldn’t you agree? * CURTIS * ... * GILLIAM * When you reach the Front, then * there’s Alice, too. CURTIS What...? * GILLIAM She must be in the Front somewhere. Aren’t you going to look for her? CURTIS It’s been too long. I don’t think * about her anymore. * GILLIAM But, it’ll be different when you * see her. And two arms will be very * useful when you hold Alice again. * ANGLE -on Curtis’ conflicted face. Gilliam reaches out, * Curtis instinctively avoiding him; but then remains still as * Gilliam pats Curtis on the cheek. * GILLIAM (CONT’D)When you get there - don’t letWilford talk. Cut out his tongue. * Curtis opens his mouth to form the question that has beeneluding him but Gilliam turns away to Grey. GILLIAM (CONT’D)Grey - you will go with Curtis. Grey looks at Gilliam -“no, please don’t make me” in his eyes. Grey cannot bear this. * GILLIAM (CONT’D)Grey, my loyal boy. Now you musthelp Curtis. Beat. Grey nods, reluctant but obedient. He holds up hisother hand - “Goodbye.” SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 61. 27 INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION - GATE The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge. Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led forwardby Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatchingshoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow. Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pass asthey stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers. Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam.Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that says“Go forward.” Curtis nods -goodbye. The other limbless passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave. * * YONA No Chronole! No opening! Curtis jumps a little, turning to Yona with her hand heldout; Namgoong stands by a wall panel ready to open the Gate. 28 INT. GREENHOUSE SECTION WHOOSH - the Gate opens to reveal bright sunlight. Even the ceiling is made of a special kind of glass. Full of vegetation and plants, this Section is ludicrously clean;everything is a pleasant, mind-cleansing green. Curtis and his rag-tag Army enter slack-jawed at the vision.TENDERS in white lab coats, are equally surprised to seeMason bound and pushed forward. TENDER 1 Mr. Minister!? MASON (feigning normalcy)Don’t mind me. Back to work, everyone, back to work. Curtis rapidly passes the Tenders to pluck a ripe tomato fromthe overgrown shrubbery. He bites into it, sloppily tastingthe red juice and pulp. Turning around, he sees Tanya andAndrew eating tomatoes as well. Tenders become agitated but Mason assures them: MASON (CONT’D)No - no - they’re friendly. Theywon’t bite. Well, they’ll bite thetomatoes...ha! Namgoong reaches into the tomato plants but pulls out afistful of black soil. He pushes it in front of Yona’s face. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 62. YONA You eat this too? Touch it. before? NAMGOONG You've never felt it * Namgoong hands the soil to Yona who is unimpressed anddispleased. She looks carefully into the clump and noticessomething tiny moving in it: a small worm. YONA Yeah, well, it’s gross. NAMGOONG You grew up in this train so youdon’t know. Dad used to tread on real soil all the time. YONA Why would you walk on this grossstuff? NAMGOONG C’mon, it’s good stuff.is covered with soil. The earth * YONA (not paying attention)Like hell. It’s all snow and ice. NAMGOONG (looking outside thewindow)Below snow and ice is soil. Everywhere you go. * * FLASH - Namgoong is distracted by something outside throughthe window. He presses his face to the window and stares at -nothing. He looks and looks... He turns back to Yona. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Did you see...? Wow! YONA Look! * Yona runs to the opened gate. Through the gate we see: * 29 INT. AQUARIUM SECTION A huge aquarium with large fishes, a turtle and a rayfishswimming in blue water with bubbles. Yona runs, excited, into the section with joy. Mason is shoved forward - like a shield. Curtis and the others enter, flabbergasted to see the aquarium. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 63. FRONT SECTION PASSENGERS do a double take, seeing the armedand ragged Curtis and his entourage, and move quickly away.Mason, to diffuse awkwardness, turns to speak to Curtis. MASON Do any of you feel like sushi? ... CURTIS Sushi? up. TANYA Hell, yea. Line that shit INT. AQUARIUM SECTION - SUSHI BAR At the small sushi bar attached to the aquarium, a pitchblack AFRICAN CHEF makes sushi out of the fresh fish. Mason, his hands tied to the front, sits at the bar with Curtis, Andrew, Grey, Namgoong, Yona and Tanya, salivating. MASON You people are very lucky. This is served only twice in a year, inMarch and September. Why? TANYA Not enough fish? MASON “Enough” is the wrong criteria.Balance. You see, this aquarium is a closed ecological system. The number of individual units must be controlled very precisely tomaintain the proper sustainablebalance. While Mason gives his lecture, sushi plates are laid: Tanya and Andrew eat with gusto; Grey gingerly peels the fishfrom the rice before eating; Namgoong uses chopsticksskillfully; Yona, puzzled seeing sushi for the first time,sniffs hers and makes a face. Rachmaninoff’s piano prelude plays in b.g. Everyone silentlyeats while watching the white snowy vista of a frozen portcity unfold outside: no one seems too surprised by thepeculiar sight of large vessels toppled in the frozen sea. * Mason attempts to eat sushi with tied hands.protein block under Mason’s nose. Curtis shoves a * CURTIS No - you eat this.this is made of? You know what SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 64. ... MASON CURTIS Just crap. Eat it - every last scrap. Mason, frozen, stares at the protein block with a blank face.Suddenly, Tanya reaches over and snares Mason’s sushi and gobbles it up. 31 INT. ABATTOIR SECTION Curtis pushes Mason forward - he looks green, ready to vomit -into this Section awash in red: rows and rows of scarlet, skinned animals – curiously indistinct in terms of shape –are suspended from the hooks. Bizarrely, a MOTHER and BOY are sightseeing, the Motherexplaining what meat is. As Curtis and his Army pass, theBoy recoils, wrinkles his nose. Mother hustles Boy away asthe Army proceeds in awe-struck silence to the next Gate. MASON Curtis, my friend, can we dowithout the restraints? Just for this next Section? * CURTIS I am not your friend and why wouldI...? MASON For the sake of education. Curtis: “?” 32 INT. SCHOOL SECTION WHOOSH - the shouts and clamor of children playing pour out.The CHILDREN are revealed disguised in colorful arts andcrafts masks. Above the cacophony, we hear the near-hysterical shouts of TEACHER, a young adult woman. TEACHER Quiet! Children! Oh! (noticing the arrival ofMason and the Army)Minister Mason?! The CHILDREN fall quiet, turning their masked faces to theTail Section Rebels. Mason, concealing his bound handsbehind his back, pretends to be in charge. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 65. MASON Good morning children. I am pleased to present guests from theTail Section... Mason exchanges a look with Teacher -“I’m fucked but please play along...” TEACHER Yes. Yes! Guests! What do we sayto Tail Section Guests, children? CHILDREN (sing-songy)Good Morning Tail Section Guests... Before the children can finish, Tanya and Andrew fall uponthem, rushing from child to child unmasking them to findtheir sons. Tanya zeroes in on a child with black arms andrips the mask off to reveal a small black girl. TANYA (showing the portrait)Have you seen this boy? His name is Timmy. The shocked Black Girl, frightened, shakes her head andbursts into tears. ANDREW This is my son. Take a good lookat the picture! The children are unfocused, lost in their own excitements, shouting and making noise. A white KID jumps up with a hand * raised. KID I saw them! The Children fall silent as Tanya rushes to the Kid. TANYA When? Where? The Kid regards Tanya and Andrew with interest, then speaksslowly, pointing to the rear Gate: KID Came through there...(then the Front Gate)went through there. Tanya and Andrew wait: “Is that all?” TANYA Were they crying? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 66. KID No...but they looked like theywanted to. Tanya bursts into tears and suddenly hugs the Kid. Kid is overwhelmed by her body odor and holds his nose, rolling his eyes. The other kids break out in laughter. Andrew, weeping, gently pats Tanya’s back. YLFA (8) a sweet little girl with blond pigtails waves herhand at Teacher. She jumps up without being acknowledged... YLFA I heard all Tail Sectioners were lazy dogs who slept all day intheir own shit. TEACHER (embarrassed)Ylfa! MASON No - they’re very nice and they’revery just and merciful. So it is. (to Teacher:)Please don’t let us interrupt... TEACHER We were just about to show a video. Teacher herds the children back to their seats as Curtis rounds up the bereft Tanya and Andrew to move on. VIDEO NARRATOR (V.O.)The Great Pioneer! Curtis turns to the sound - a large TV Monitor comes to lifewith a burst of theme music and a big splash of logo: WILFORDENTERPRISES. Wilford's face comes up - curiously, it is * digitally blurred. CURTIS Wilford? VIDEO NARRATOR The Wilford Story - the First 82Years. The Rebels are transfixed by the images. The Children squirm -they have seen this before and are bored. VIDEO NARRATOR (CONT’D)From a very young age, Mr.Wilford’s love of locomotives was apparent... SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 67. ON MONITOR: 8mm home-movie footage of Wilford (6) playingwith a bright Red Toy Engine. He makes “choo choo” noises, then holds the Engine up and shouts in a cute voice. WILFORD When I grow up, I want to live in atrain. Forever! VIDEO NARRATOR His early dreams were realized whenhe founded his own transportationempire - the Wilford Enterprises. * Wilford (about 40), face blurred, stands in front of amassive building bearing his name. VIDEO NARRATOR (CONT’D)But his greatest dream was toconstruct a luxury locomotive'cruise' line connecting therailways of the entire world intoone! A world map shows railway lines snaking across and connectinginto one tremendous circle, like an Ouroboros worm eating itsown tail. VIDEO NARRATOR (CONT’D)A circular railway that extends for438,000 kilometers and completesone circle every year. Imperviousto the extreme cold of the Arctic and the scorching heat of theAfrican desert... The train runs through various landscapes, from a desert to asnow-bound plain to a jungle, shown in rapid montage. VIDEO NARRATOR (CONT’D)Wilford’s Miracle Train is self-sustaining and possesses the mostsophisticated designs and advancedtechnology known to man. Wilford (60), face blurred, shakes hands with engineers andcorporate heads. Namgoong Minsoo, 20 years younger in a“Kyungnam Engineering” uniform, is glimpsed briefly.Namgoong pokes Yona but she misses the moment, yawning. Curtis stares intently at the screen trying to decipher thedigital blur of Wilford’s image as Teacher stops the video with a remote. The screen is covered with a PAUSE sign. TEACHER As hard as it is to believe, peoplein the Old World made fun of Mr. Wilford. (MORE) SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 68. TEACHER (CONT'D) They criticized him for over-engineering and over-equipping thiswonderful train. But Wilford knew something they did not. And what was that? Several Children raise their hands. Teacher is about to acknowledge one when Ylfa jumps up. YLFA Old World people were friggingmorons who got turned intopopsicles! TEACHER Well, sort of. Mr. Wilford knew that CW-7 would freeze the world. So what did the prophetic Mr.Wilford invent to protect thechosen from that calamity? CHILDREN (in a chorus)THE ENGINE! Curtis and the others watch, bewildered, as Teacher strikes a chord on a small organ. The Children suddenly jump to theirfeet startling Rebels who, thinking they are under attack,pull their weapons. GIRLS BOYS (singing) (singing)Rumble Rumble Rattle Rattle CHILDREN (CONT’D) It will never die! Curtis gestures for the Rebels to lower their weapons. Mason smiles broadly, his foot tapping away. Teacher plays alongthough some keys no longer work. TEACHER (singing)What happens if the engine stops? CHILDREN We all freeze and die. GIRLS But will it stop? No! BOYS GIRLS Oh will it stop? No! BOYS TEACHER Can you tell us why? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 69. BOYS The engine is eternal! Yes! GIRLS BOYS The engine is forever! Yes! GIRLS BOYS GIRLS Rumble rumble Rattle Rattle TEACHER (CONT’D)Who is the reason why? GIRLS BOYS Wilford! Yea! BOYS GIRLS Wilford! Yea! TEACHER/MASONWilford! Wilford! ALL Hip hooray! Mason joins in the cheering at the end. Curtis, no longer * able to stomach this nonsense, gives him a violent push. HOOOOT - a whistle from the far off front blows. Children run to the windows. The Rebels are again bewildered. TEACHER Don’t push there’s plenty of room.Who can tell me what comes after Yekaterina Bridge? KID (shouting out:)The Frozen Seven! The Children, truly excited, press against the windows.Namgoong, surprisingly follows suit, dragging Yona to look atan expansive blinding whiteness. TEACHER Pay attention. This tableau will surely be on the exam! Curtis and the Rebels wander over behind the children. TEACHER (CONT’D)Fifteen years ago, in the 3rd yearof the train, seven passengers...(gets incredibly excited)tried to STOP Wilford’s Miracle Train! (visibly calms down)And what do we call this event, Magdalena? SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 70. MAGDALENA The Revolt of the Seven. TEACHER Very good - long before you wereborn. But of course, they failedto stop the train. Instead, they * jumped out of the running train. * Here they come now. NAMGOONG You look too. YONA Why? A huge hill comes into view. And on the back of the hill, * seven snowman-shaped white lumps are clearly visible. TEACHER There they are. That’s how far they made it. What happened tothem, Sergio? SERGIO They froze and died. TEACHER (excited)So, everyone! If we ever go * outside the train? CHILDREN We’d freeze and die! TEACHER If the engine stops running? CHILDREN We’d all die! TEACHER Who takes care of the Sacred Engine? CHILDREN Sir Wilford! TEACHER Because all life is here - aboard the train, within the great embraceof Sir Wilford. And nothing canlive outside the train. Yona regards the Frozen Seven with curiosity. The white sun-rays reflecting on the hill illuminate her and Namgoong’s faces. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 71. NAMGOONG See the person at the very front...She was the leader of the seven... YONA She? NAMGOONG Yeah... She was a maid in the Front Guest Section... YONA You knew her? NAMGOONG Gana. She was Inuit. An Eskimo. She taught me about different kindsof snow, ice, constellations and aurora. Her name meant falling snow. Gana. YONA Gana. NAMGOONG She believed she could survive outside the train. I didn’t believe her. So I stayed in thetrain. Yona looks at the lead frozen figure... Namgoong transfixed * by the sight of the Frozen Seven receding into the distance.Yona’s ears perk up at approaching sounds -too late... WHOOSH - the front gate opens. The Rebels whirl around, drawing their weapons only to find a single, bald Asian man enter. EGG-HEAD, his head shaped like an egg, pushes a cartfull of baskets of white eggs. Teacher herds the children towards Egg-Head’s cart. TEACHER Look children! It’s the New Year Eggs from Mr. Wilford! The Children cheer and surround Egg-Head and his full basketof hard boiled eggs colorfully decorated with the Number 18in various alphabets: Arabic, Hebrew, Chinese, etc. TEACHER (CONT’D) New beginnings! New Life! Egg-Head hands out a big basket full of boiled eggs toTeacher who hands them out to the Children. Tanya pushes herway to the front of the line. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 72. TEACHER (CONT’D)These eggs are boiled in waterheated by the Sacred Engine itself.See? They’re still warm. Egg-Head gives an egg to Curtis and pushes his cart out theBack Gate. * TEACHER (CONT’D)As a special treat, playing for ustoday is world-renowned first chairviolinist of the Boston SymphonyOrchestra, Mr. Gerald McInster! Gerald, in old formal attire, enters (he was the one draggedoff in Scene # 3). He plays a violin with only one string:Bach’s “Aria in G String.” ON TV MONITOR: “Pause” gives way to CCTV video footage of Egg-Head passing out eggs in the Abattoir and Aquarium Sections. VIDEO NARRATOR (V.O.)...join live coverage of the 18thAnnual Egg Festival... As Children listen to the beautiful (if incomplete) violin,Curtis holds his egg as if he were making contact withWilford. Tanya smacks the egg onto Ylfa’s head to crack it open. TANYA (peeling the egg)Let’s go, Curtis. To the Front. CURTIS cuts her off. His attention is riveted on his egg. TANYA (CONT’D)I’ll eat that if you aren’t. Curtis locates a pinhole at the bottom of the egg. He pullsthe egg apart and a small metal capsule falls out. 33 INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION EGG-HEAD’S POV: as the gate opens with a rumble, he comes face-to-face with Painter and the Tail Section Guards. Theylook at Egg-Head’s smiling face suspiciously. 34 INT. SCHOOL SECTION Curtis unrolls the Red Letter: “B L O O D” SNAP - the last remaining violin string breaks and the music stops. The snapped string cuts Gerald’s cheek, drawingblood. Curtis, overcome with dread, looks at the Monitor: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 73. ON MONITOR: Egg-Head steps through the Gate bearing an egg. 35 INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION - ENTRANCE Painter looks at the egg in his hand and mumbles: PAINTER I thought the chicken was extinct. EGG-HEAD Rumors. You know, there are manythings on board that are rumored tobe extinct. Such as? PAINTER Egg-Head reaches beneath the eggs and pulls out a sub-machine gun! EGG-HEAD This. Painter raises his sketch pad like a shield. ON SKETCH PAD: Drawing of Curtis standing atop the proteinblock cart heroically leading the charge; in the drawing,Painter himself is seen by the side, sketching... BLAM - BLAM - BLAM - the sub-machine gun blasts fire tearingapart the drawing and, as it drops, we see Painter, riddledwith bullet holes. He falls. * 36 INT. SCHOOL SECTION Curtis watches the Monitor in horror as Rebel Guards are cut down by the machine gun fire. CURTIS No!! Teacher pulls a handgun and a magazine from her basket. TEACHER Duck! Mason dives for cover as Teacher opens fire. BLAM -Andrew, just behind Curtis, is shot through the head. The children scream and run to find cover. BLAM - BLAM - Teacher swings the gun to aim at Curtis. Grey, pushing Tanya out of the way, pitches the dagger atTeacher burying it in her throat. She drops the gun and itskitters away. The children’s shrill screams continue. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 74. Teacher, stunned, reaches for her throat and yanks the dagger out. Blood runs crimson down her neck from the dagger’s hole. As Curtis approaches her, she snatches up Ylfa andholds her as a human shield - placing the dagger againstYlfa’s throat... TEACHER (CONT’D)(rasping through apunctured larynx)Stay back. Don’t make me... But she runs out of breath and faints. Teacher falls to the floor; the dagger in her hand pierces her heart. Mason quickly lunges for the fallen gun but Curtis kicks himdown. Curtis takes up the gun and smashes him with it on thehead. Blood gushes out from Mason’s head. Tanya cries out, holding Andrew’s dead body in her arms. 37 INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION Egg-Head easily dodges flying hand-axes as he moves forwardfiring. Rebel Guards fall in his wake, covered in blood. In his non-shooting hand, Egg-Head clicks a counter. Egg-Head aims at the ropes binding the Soldiers. Freed Soldiers run to their comrades and untie them. A Soldier kicks over the cart. Eggs roll everywhere. Under the cart are more sub-machine guns and magazines. Soldiers quickly pick up weapons and fire: flames jump fromthe guns, staccato ear-splitting sound of gunshots, screamsof the Guards as they are punched full of red holes! Painter lies on the floor bleeding. An egg rolls in front ofhim and he softly picks it up. CRUNCH - he barely takes abite as his breath runs out. * * * * * * CLICK-CLICK-CLICK - Egg-head’s thumb on the counter. Guards run wildly in retreat towards the back of the Section. 38 INT. SCHOOL SECTION Curtis' attention is riveted on the huge Monitor. Greyslides up beside him, his eyes on the screen. ON MONITOR: in grimy, low-resolution the Water Supply Sectionappears as a wasteland. An old man is dragged out from theback of the Section by two Soldiers. It is Gilliam. Curtis and Grey turn deathly pale. Curtis holds his breath. ON MONITOR: Soldiers, aware of the camera’s position, force Gilliam to kneel facing it. One pulls his head up. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 75. Gilliam looks into the camera - calm, composed, resigned - hereaches out his one arm. Curtis is about to run toward the rear gate but cannot takehis eyes off Gilliam. Grey moves to the Monitor as if hecould climb into it. * ON MONITOR: Arm extended, Gilliam turns his palm up - hemouths “I am sorry.” Franco the Elder enters the frame. aims a pistol at the back of Gilliam’s head and pulls the trigger. CURTIS NO!!! He * * Grey screams silently. He reaches out to touch the Monitor. ON MONITOR: Gilliam gently tumbles to the ground. Franco the Elder looks up at the camera. Yona looks back at Franco’s empty gaze. Her face turns pale in fear and outrage. Grey slumps to the floor. He pulls out the stolen child’s mask and puts it on his face to hide his tears. The mask is incongruously, a sunny, happy face. Curtis' face goes blank - he is frozen, staring at theMonitor that now fizzes out to snowy static. Tanya releasesAndrew and stands before Curtis. Beat. She slaps him. TANYA Curtis! Come on! You have to lead us. * Curtis snaps out of it. He pulls the handgun from his beltand strides towards the fallen, bleeding Mason. MASON It wasn’t me! I didn’t give theorder! I swear... Curtis places the barrel of the gun to Mason’s forehead and pulls the trigger. BLAM - Curtis strides to the desk and snatches up a magazinefrom the basket. He reloads the handgun. CURTIS We go forward! 39 INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION Gilliam lies in a pool of blood. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 76. Egg-Head leads the majority of Soldiers back towards the TailSection. But Franco the Elder and two Soldiers run the opposite way - towards the front. 40 INT. PRISON SECTION - ENTRANCE Tail Section Passengers, panicking, run from the sound ofapproaching gunfire. In the stampede, Chan quickly moves upto the higher spot. CHAN’S POV: the flashing light of gunfire is seen behind the rush of Passengers. Egg-Head and Soldiers appear pushing thePassengers ahead with gunfire coming closer... 41 INT. GUEST ROOM SECTION Curtis, with a fierce rage now, leads Tanya and Grey, wearinghis mask, down a corridor of extravagant guestrooms. FRONT SECTION GUARDS approaching from the opposite side shrink awaywith fear. One Guard, at the Gate, holds his ground. NAMGOONG (in Korean)OPEN! YONA (in English)OPEN! Guard, trembling, places his palm on a small panel whichopens the Gate. Curtis, violently pushes the Guard away andleads the others through. Namgoong reaches into Curtis'pocket to take two lumps of Chronole. Curtis stares at him with disbelief: “This guy still wants that shit at this time?” Curtis strides past rows of guest rooms containing milky-white elderly people: a dentist cleans someone’s teeth, a Man eats steak, a Woman gets a manicure, a couple plays cards... Through their windows or open doors, GUESTS stare withdisbelief at Curtis passing through their luxurious, carefreelives. Curtis, disgusted, hurries past without comment. 42 INT. SCHOOL SECTION Franco and the two Soldiers herd the crying Children into thenext section as the train makes a wide turn toward the right. FRANCO’S POV: through the window, Front Sections are visible as the train bends widely, almost forming a big circle.Curtis' small team is visible in the Front Section. Franco aims the rifle at Yona’s head and fires. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 77. 43 INT. SWIMMING POOL SECTION BANG - CRACK - the bullet breaks through the two panes ofPlexiglass window but, its trajectory is altered and itbarely misses Yona's head. Strands of her hair, sliced bythe bullet, flutter in the air. !! YONA CURTIS Everybody down! The floor-to-ceiling windows, however, provide littleprotection. Front Section Passengers, who were enjoyingtheir swimming, scream and come out of the pool, running thisway and that. * 44 INT. SCHOOL SECTION Franco sets his rifle across a chair placed on a desk beforethe window - in full sniper mode. Soldier A runs from bullet hole to bullet hole trying to plug them with Children’s paste. Soldier B stands by - shocked: SOLDIER B Hey! Don’t you know the firearmregulations? To minimize damage to... Franco smashes Soldier B in the face with the rifle butt. Soldier B drops like road-kill. BLAM - BLAM - Franco fires through the window.jumps aside and runs... Soldier A The train now swirls in a big circle, shaking intensely. 45 INT. SCHOOL SECTION/SWIMMING POOL SECTION - INTERCUT BLAM - BLAM - shots hit the glass - most bouncing off andleaving ugly pock marks surrounded by spider web cracks abovethe heads of Yona, Namgoong and the others flat on the floor. Curtis rises and shoots at the faraway School Section.Curtis and Franco square off like gunslingers in a Western,firing at each other as the curvature of the train becomes more acute. * BLAM - Curtis' bullet penetrates the window and hits Francoin the arm. Franco stops shooting. He looks at the blood on his arm and then across at Curtis. Curtis reloads and fires. Franco comes out of his trance and returns fire. A snowflake gently flies into the train through a bullethole. It flutters in the air softly in slow motion. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 78. The gunfire and all sound fades away. Namgoong’s eyes follow the falling snowflake as it lands on Yona’s shoulder. NAMGOONG’S POV: the exquisite hexagon shape of the snow crystal in extreme close up, as if through a microscope.Then it melts away... NAMGOONG Gana. BLAM - BLAM - the firing resumes, breaking the stillness.Tanya’s earsplitting screams overlap the gunshots. A BULLET breaks through the first pane of Plexiglass comingstraight at Curtis' face. Curtis’ eyes widen -the BULLET gets stopped by the second pane but remains embedded in thewindow just inches in front of Curtis’ face. The train finally straightens out from its sharp turn.Franco and Curtis grow further and further apart until thetrain runs on a straight track once again. Curtis, breathing hard, drops the gun that has run out ofbullets. Yona rises to her knees. * * YONA Coming! Three of them! Curtis snaps to attention. Namgoong joins Curtis running tothe back Gate to jam it shut. Namgoong hastily attacks theelectronic controls of the Gate. * 46 INT. GUEST ROOM SECTION Soldiers A and B try to open the jammed Gate. Franco, without human expression, comes up behind and opens fire onthe locked Gate. The Soldiers dive out of the way and roll. SOLDIER B What the fuck...?! Franco fires until the Gate begins to teeter... 47 INT. SAUNA SECTION WHOOSH - the front Gate opens just as Franco kicks the backGate inward. Curtis and his last Rebels rush through theGate and Namgoong closes it behind them. The Rebels hurry past steam-bath units as the sound of Francofiring on the Gate behind is heard. Namgoong sets to work onthe next Gate but becomes agitated as he is having trouble.Namgoong sees a crowbar on the wall above the panel. He grabs it and attacks the controls. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 79. CURTIS Hurry! NAMGOONG Shit, what’s wrong with this? * Fuck... Steam Bath CLIENTELE glance at the Rebels through opaqueglass doors. CUT TO: FRANCO’S POV: as he kicks down the Gate and enters. In the thick steam, the Section appears empty. Franco and the two Soldiers move cautiously forward. A face flashes behind one of the steam-bath units. BLAM - BLAM - Franco fires instinctively. The door swingsopen and a ROTUND WHITE MAN rolls out, with his naked lowerbody hidden by a white towel, bleeding profusely. SOLDIER B You just killed a Front SectionPassenger! I’m reporting you to... BLAM - Franco blows Soldier B away. Soldier A, astonished, lifts up his hands in the air. SOLDIER A I didn’t see a thing. CLICK - Franco pulls the trigger but he is out of bullets. Grey, masked, jumps out of a steam-bath unit, knockingSoldier A away, and stabs at Franco’s neck with the dagger. Franco’s animal-like reflexes are too fast and the dagger only catches his shoulder. He drops his rifle. Curtis jumps out of another steam-bath unit, stomps on fallen * Soldier A and takes his gun. He aims at Franco but his target is intertwined with Grey in a deadly struggle. Franco roars as he lifts Grey and spins him in a completecircle, like a human windmill, so his mask goes flying away.He throws Grey to the metal floor. GREY is knocked out. BLAM - BLAM - Curtis fires and Franco drops to the groundwhere he retrieves the fallen rifle of Soldier B. Curtis and Franco fire at one another. Curtis' hand is nicked by a bullet and he loses the gun. Franco aims his rifle at Curtis' head. Tanya comes roaring out of a steam-bath unit behind Franco. TANYA Ahhhhhh! You son of a bitch! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 80. Franco swings the rifle around but is too late as Tanya usesher heft to drive both the rifle and Franco backwards. BLAM -Franco fires right into Tanya’s gut as she pushes him against the wall. CURTIS Tanya! Tanya, face to face with Franco, is surprised she is shot -they are stuck together like dancers with the rifle between. TANYA Timmy. Tanya collapses to the floor at Franco’s feet. Franco swings the rifle to shoot Curtis. Curtis, face contorted with rage,charges straight at Franco. CLICK - the rifle is empty. Curtis dives at Franco who catches his leg mid-air and throws him down like a rag doll. CRUNCH - Curtis' head bangs on a metal ornament on the walland he instantly passes out next to Grey, blood coming fromthe side of his head. Franco pulls the dagger from his shoulder. He grabs Curtis'shirt and pulls him up. He rears back to stab Curtis when Grey suddenly comes awake and blocks Franco’s thrust. The dagger goes straight through Grey’s hand -it’s tip stopping just inches from Curtis' neck. The dagger haspierced Grey’s tattoo: “Goodbye” * Grey, snake quick, puts his legs around Franco’s neck. He performs a Judo maneuver spinning Franco around to the floor.They struggle but Grey, with his hand stabbed, cannot fightFranco off. Franco twists Grey’s wrist so the dagger presses into his chest. Grey emits an animal-like moan: GREY Ugggggh! As Grey clutches at his chest, the dagger pierces on the tattoo over his heart: “Gilliam.” Franco looks down into * Grey’s pale eyes. Franco presses down on the dagger and shoves it into Grey’s heart. Franco hears a girl coughing. His eyes widen - he turns tosurvey the carnage - Soldier B, Grey, Curtis, Tanya - all * down. Franco removes a knife from a sheath on Soldier B’s belt. He opens each steam-bath unit. On the second try, he finds the unit occupied by a veryheavyset ITALIAN WOMAN, draped with an equally humongoustowel. She looks back at him with fear-stricken eyes. * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 81. Franco moves to the next unit, but suddenly stops. He comes back and looks the Italian Woman up and down - somethingunnatural about her sitting posture. Franco flattens the knife’s blade on Italian Woman’s cheek and pushes it to the side to reveal one of Yona's doe-eyes,below wet hair and sweat-drenched brow. And poking out * behind her is Namgoong’s right eye. Franco stares at Yona for a moment with a cold and murderous look in his eyes. He lifts the knife and brings it down withheaven-cleaving force. CLANG -sparks fill the air as Namgoong’s crowbar stops the descent of Franco’s knife. NAMGOONG AAAAAHHHH! Namgoong impossibly pushes both the Italian Woman and Franco out of the unit. He brings down the crowbar down on Franco’s head. The Italian Woman waddles away as fast as she can. * Franco swings his knife but Namgoong dodges it. With a rhino’s strength, Namgoong head-butts Franco. Both men lose their weapons. They struggle and thrash on the floor. Franco gets his hands around Namgoong’s neck and strangles. Namgoong’s face turns beet-red but, not giving up, he gets his hands on Franco’s neck and strangles. Yona approaches silently and takes up the fallen knife. Yona * swings the knife. THUMP - Namgoong removes one hand fromFranco’s neck and grabs Yona’s wrist. He holds on tight intent on keeping Yona from committing violence. Franco chokes harder - Namgoong is about to pass out. The knife wavers in the air -Namgoong holding Yona’s wrist immobile. The knife is suddenly yanked from Yona’s hand -by Curtis, bleeding, weak, pale - but awake and determined. Curtis, in a swift motion, strikes - plunging the knife intoFranco’s side. FRANCO THE ELDER Aaaaah! Franco releases Namgoong’s neck who falls back choking as he tries to get his breath back. Yona runs to help him. Franco turns to look into Curtis' eyes. Curtis twists the knife in his side. Franco blinks, then collapses. Curtis falls back, exhausted. A moist silence envelopes the Sauna Section broken by Tanya,still alive, holding the blood and guts in her stomach. With great difficulty: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 82. TANYA Where’s...my...Timmy? CURTIS We’ll find him when we get... TANYA No, no...my...picture... Curtis looks around at the bloody mess - no portrait. He stands and looks in the unit Tanya was hiding in and findsthe portrait on the floor. He snatches it up. Yona strokes Tanya’s head -comforting her as Curtis returns. CURTIS I found it. * Tanya’s eyes overflow with tears. Curtis kneels and holds out the portrait. But Tanya does not take it. Instead she pushes it back to Curtis. TANYA You... Curtis... Tanya exhales - she dies. Curtis closes his eyes - feelingthe pain of losing too many friends. He opens his eyes andlooks down at the portrait of Timmy. CUT TO: 48 INT. PASSAGE Curtis moves along a dark and narrow passage filled with theloud noise of a nearby machine. Blood from his hand wound rolls down and drips to the metal floor. 49 INT. CLUB SECTION CLUBBERS in bizarre make-up dance under colorful blinkinglights to loud throbbing music, rowdy shouting andlaughter... WHOOSH - Namgoong and Yona enter carrying empty rifles withbloodied Curtis on their side. Clubbers find them odd, but keep dancing. Curtis has no interest in anything but thenext Gate. A LADY spots Curtis and stops dancing.Curtis. Her eyes track LADY (surprised)Curtis? CURTIS!! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 83. The Lady yells in vain as her voice is drowned out by theloud thumps of the club music. LADY’S POV: the back of the Curtis’ head as he moves far away to the front of the club. Yona has fun aiming her rifle at Clubbers and makingthreatening gestures. She grabs a bottle of alcohol on atable and gulps it as she walks. YONA’S POV: naked couples, kissing, hugging, and making love to each other are seen here and there in the shadows. Namgoong sees a WOMAN sniffing Chronole, pierced at the endof luxurious silver knife. He grabs her chin: NAMGOONG (in Korean)Where did you get this from? YONA Where did you get this? 50 INT. OPIUM DEN SECTION Yona, drunk and shouting gibberish, follows Namgoong throughthe unhealthy smoke of this garish den of marble floors,sculptures and littered with lumps of Chronole and ADDICTS. Many Addicts are “fashionably” dressed in Inuit fur coats over bare skin. Namgoong swings his rifle, smashing theAddicts down and taking all their Chronole. Namgoong beats an Addict and takes his Inuit fur coat. The Addict’s skinny, naked body falls to the floor with a thump.Namgoong shakes the coat and lumps of Chronole fall to thefloor like nuts. Namgoong drapes the coat over his shoulder. He picks upevery lump of Chronole. The Addict, behind, tries to grabNamgoong but Yona conks him with her rifle butt. Namgoong pulls the coat off another addict. The Naked Woman Addict grabs the coat and they engage in a tug-of-war. Curtis keeps moving forward straight through the murky smokedrawn to a plate above the next Gate: Wilford Enterprises. * 51 INT. PASSAGE We hear laboured breathing in the dark and narrow passage.The camera slowly moves to the side to reveal Franco walkingstraight ahead, expressionless with grotesque fish eyes. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 84. He gets snagged on something on the wall. He looks numblydown at the knife sticking out his side. He grasps it withboth hands and pulls it out, his face still expressionless. CUT TO: 52 INT. MACHINERY SECTION CLANG - a Gate opens and Curtis enters to find a narrowbridge stretching above a mass of unmanned machinery.Namgoong enters bearing a stack of Inuit fur coats. Yona, in a coat, follows - they laugh and stumble. Curtis crosses the bridge. Namgoong and Yona follow but,upon reaching the other side, drop down on the steel platformbelow the next Gate. Yona, drunk as a skunk, flops over andsnores hard clutching her bottle and rifle. Namgoong shakes the coats to release all the Chronole andtosses the coats away into a heap. He sits and gathers allthe Chronole on the floor. * NAMGOONG Isn’t this crazy? Namgoong sticks the lumps together into one big piece.takes out the Interpretive Unit and pushes the button. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)CURRIS... Just gimme all of yourChronole now. He ... CURTIS NAMGOONG Aren’t you sick of it? Everyfucking door it’s two more stinkingpieces... Curtis, disgusted, throws all the Chronole lumps at Namgoong.The lumps hit Namgoong’s face and body and roll on the floor. CURTIS Chronole!? There. That’s all of it. Now open the gate. NAMGOONG (giggles)Son of a bitch, keep your temperdown. * * Namgoong picks up all the Chronole pieces and then glances upat the Gate - it is the most intimidating yet. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 85. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)So I open this door and your sacred engine will sit on the other side, waiting for you, is that it? Your heart is beating hard imaginingWilford rubbing it and feeding oilto it, right? Curtis murderously stares at Namgoong being sarcastic. CURTIS What do you know? All you care * about is your Chronole supply. NAMGOONG ... CURTIS Trash like you would neverunderstand what it means for us, coming all the way from the TailSection to the front, to be standing at this gate... After 18fucking years, I’m finally face toface with Wilford... You have no * idea how long I’ve wanted this. NAMGOONG ... CURTIS You ever been to the Tail Section? Do you even know what went on backthere? Amidst the sound of machinery, Namgoong loses his sarcasm andstares directly at Curtis. CURTIS (CONT’D) No? Chaos. Total fucking chaoswhen we boarded. Fine - we didn’t freeze to death but we didn’t even have time to be thankful before the Soldiers - Wilford’s Soldiers -came and took everything ediblefrom the storage crates. Left us with nothing. NAMGOONG ... CURTIS More than a thousand people in anempty iron box with no water, nobread, nothing. Can you imagine?No, you can’t. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 86. Eventually becoming absorbed in the story, Namgoong's facebegins to take on a similar expression to Curtis'. CURTIS (CONT’D)After three weeks, we began to eatthe weak. NAMGOONG ... CURTIS We were hungry. We stopped beinghumans. We became animals. Do youknow what I hate the most about myself? I fucking hate that I knowwhat part of a human tastes good.I know that young babies taste thebest. As Curtis' voice begins to shake, Namgoong's gazeintensifies. CURTIS (CONT’D)There was a woman in the Tail Section who had a little baby. One * day, some men with knives, pulled * the baby out of his mother’s arms.Put a fucking knife to his skull.And then. And then an old man stepped forward. No relation -just an old man... NAMGOONG ... Curtis puts his hand out, palm up, like Gilliam. CURTIS “Give me the knife,” he said. * Everyone thought he’d kill the baby * himself. The man with the knife * gave it up. Then, the old man cut * off his own arm. “Here.” Held it * up. His arm. NAMGOONG ...! Curtis holds out his palm - open. CURTIS “Here. Eat this! You are so hungry. Eat this. Leave the boy.Eat this.” NAMGOONG ...! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 87. CURTIS I couldn’t believe what I saw, it * was the most shocking thing I’ve * ever witnessed. Two days later, he * cut off his own leg. Same thing.“Eat this. Here. Take it.” Again - the open palm. NAMGOONG ... CURTIS You’ve probably guessed who thatold man was. NAMGOONG * Gilliam... * CURTIS The little baby was Edgar. * (face hardens) * And I was the man with the knife. * I would have killed that baby boy. * My Edgar. My number two. Gilliam * saved him. That was the most * important day of my life. After * that, everything changed. I * followed him. We all did. All of a * sudden, we became human again. One * by one, people began to follow his * example, offering their arm or * their leg. It was some kind of a * miracle Gilliam created. * NAMGOONG ... * CURTIS * Those who gave their arm or leg * became legends in the Tail Section. * I wanted to be one of them but... * I... * Curtis pauses. He looks down at his arm with anguish: * CURTIS (CONT’D) * A couple weeks later, the gateopened. Wilford’s Soldiers broughtus protein blocks... We’ve been * eating that shit ever since. But, * because of Gilliam we were able to * endure the last 18 years. And now * I am right in front of Wilford’sdoor. This is what I’ve been * waiting for. This day. This * moment. (MORE) SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 88. CURTIS (CONT’D) (a plea)Open the gate. Namgoong stares at Curtis. He takes the cigarette andmatchbook out of his shoes. He throws them to Curtis. NAMGOONG Here, have a smoke. CURTIS ... NAMGOONG It's the last of its kind. Once * you smoke it, it goes extinct. You better appreciate it. Curtis smiles in spite of himself. He sits across from Namgoong and opens the matchbook - two matches. He takes one and lights the cigarette. He inhales deeply. CURTIS ...open the gate. NAMGOONG I don’t want to open the gate.(dead serious) * You know what I really want to do? * Curtis does not answer - he looks at the smoke as he blows it out. Namgoong suddenly sits up straighter. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)I want to open the gate! Curtis shakes his head -he doesn’t understand and he is tired of Namgoong. Namgoong points. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Not this one. Namgoong turns to his left and points to the exit door on the side of the train: NAMGOONG (CONT’D) But, that one. ANGLE -AN EXIT DOOR on the side of the train. This is the first time anyone even mentioned that there is ASIDE EXIT to every section of the train. Namgoong movesslowly to the door as if being pulled on a rope. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 89. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)We treat this like a wall because it’s been frozen shut for 18 years.But it’s a door. A fucking door! Namgoong’s eyes become dreamy, almost hallucinatory. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)Let’s open it and go outside. CURTIS And freeze to death? You’re fucking crazy. Staring at Curtis, Namgoong reaches down to pick up a thrown coat. He begins to put it on. NAMGOONG Yea? But what if we don’t freeze to death? CURTIS You freak. NAMGOONG What if we can live outside the train? Curtis, lost for words, stares at Namgoong putting on the coat. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)Heehee...you remember theYekaterina Bridge? Each year whenwe pass over the Yekaterina Bridge,I do the same thing. I look down... CURTIS You were fucking high as a kite... INSERT - Scene # 21. Namgoong carrying Yona on his * shoulders, walking towards the window. NAMGOONG (V.O.)Way down at the bottom of the gorge... Namgoong and Yona press their cheeks to the glass window and * look into the dark gorge. ANGLE - from outside we see the determined, fevered face of Namgoong pressed against the glass looking down, believing. NAMGOONG (V.0.)A jetliner stuck upside down in the gorge. (MORE) SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 90. NAMGOONG (V.0.) (CONT'D) NAMGOONG (V.0.) (CONT'D) A decade ago, you could only see apart of the tail fin above the ice.But now... INSERT - Scene # 21: a blurry image of the tail and fuselage * stuck in a snow drift at the bottom of the gorge - but lostin a swirl of white blizzard. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)Each year, you can see more andmore of the plane’s body... ON NAMGOONG, excited, eyes sparkling, touches thedisbelieving Curtis. Curtis pulls back, shaking his head. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) It’s melting. The snow and ice are melting. CURTIS No fucking way, you’re a lunatic. * INSERT -Scene # 45: a single snowflake flutters onto Yona’s shoulder. An extreme close-up, as if seen through amicroscope, of the beautiful crystallized hexagon. NAMGOONG (V.O.)Eskimos talk about "qanika", theprototypical shape of spring snow.Snow that's about to melt! All * this snow could come crashing downany day! ON YONA - snoring, her mouth hanging open. ON NAMGOONG whose dreamy trance is suddenly broken. He jumpsup and shouts. NAMGOONG Today! Today, do you know what Isaw?! INSERT - Scene # 28: Namgoong is distracted by something * outside the window. He looks and looks... * NAMGOONG (V.O.) (CONT’D)(voice rising, excited)I saw something out there. I don’t know what. Something moving. NAMGOONG’S POV: between hills far away, something quicklypasses by - too fast, too blurry to have true shape... ON NAMGOONG’s, eyes crazed, as he pulls on yet another coat. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Something alive. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 91. CURTIS You know what you saw? Wishes. Frozen fucking phantom wishes. NAMGOONG ... CURTIS You should go easy on the Chronole.Look what it’s done to you! Namgoong looks blankly at the brick-size lump of Chronole inhis hands. NAMGOONG (vaguely)It's been two years now that I'vebeen storing up this Chronole... CURTIS Great. Open my gate and you cansnort that fucking brick offlammable waste up into yourskull... NAMGOONG (grinning like an idiot)Yes! Flammable. It is flammable industrial waste... CURTIS Fine. Whatever. Open... Namgoong pulls a WICK out of his pocket. Curtis is flabbergasted. NAMGOONG It is a BOMB, you fuckhead! Curtis' mouth drops open in shock. He drops the cigaretteand stomps on it afraid of its fire. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) (dreamily)There's no door?... I'll make one. * Namgoong drifts towards the door as he sticks the wick in theChronole brick. Curtis jumps up - alarmed - and stuffs thematchbook in his pocket. CURTIS No! You crazy fuck! If you wannafreeze to death, be my guest, but * don’t fuck up my revolution! * NAMGOONG Look at this guy... Shut up and * give me the matches. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 92. CURTIS No way. No fucking way... NAMGOONG FIRE! I NEED FIRE! WHOOSH - the steel gate suddenly opens... BLAM - and a gunshot echoes. Namgoong is shot in the stomach * and drops to the floor with a yell. Claude enters in her high heels and severe attire. She descends steps to Curtis -putting her gun away. CLAUDE Curtis Everett. I have been asked to extend... Namgoong tries to rise, moaning. CLAUDE (CONT’D)Stay where you are. We’ll deal with you later. Namgoong is too shocked to move. Claude sees the Chronole brick. She uses her ruler to measure it. THWAK. She putsthe bomb in her overcoat. She takes the rifle. CLAUDE (CONT’D) (to Curtis)... a formal invitation from Mr. Wilford to join him for dinner.Follow me. Claude clicks up the stairs. A shocked Curtis follows. He shoots a look back at Nam just before... WHOOOSH - the Gate closes. Namgoong, moaning, checks hiswound. Yona snores - she has slept through everything. INT. ENGINE SECTION Curtis looks around in awe at the jungle of metal parts:twisted pipes intertwined with machines like vines on atrellis. The heat generated from these machines isoppressive. The percolating sound is booming. A massive boulder of metal dominates the Section: the Engine. WILFORD (O.S.)Curtis? Is that you? Curtis searches for the source of the voice: his back to Curtis and Claude, an old man cooks on a plate heated by thehot boulder of metal. He turns to Curtis. WILFORD. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 93. WILFORD (CONT’D)(kindly smile, warm)Curtis, dear boy, there you are.Come in. Let’s have a look at you. Claude leads him to Wilford. She points to a chair at atable by the Stove, elegantly set for dinner for two.Wilford sautes potatoes on a skillet. WILFORD (CONT’D) Hungry?(Curtis is silent)You did a man’s work coming allthis way. Curtis glances at Wilford. He is just an old white man. * Claude takes up a high stool separate from the table. WILFORD (CONT’D)You are the first human to have walked the total length of thistrain. Tail to Engine. Did youknow that, Curtis? Well done. Bravo. Gilliam has never been here -to the Engine. I’ve never been to the Tail Section. CURTIS Why not? Too dirty for you? Don’t want to rub against the vermin ofthe Tail Section? What? Wilford expertly flips a steak and potatoes and adds ahandful of mushrooms. He uses his spatula to point to his“station” - his Engine. WILFORD Do you think my station is withoutit’s own drawbacks? (Curtis smirks)It’s hot. It’s noisy.(beat)And it’s lonely. Claude doesn’t like that statement. CURTIS Right. Poor fucking Wilford.Steaks, plenty of room, this whoreto bring you whatever you want. At this, Wilford raises an eyebrow. WILFORD Curtis, every one has their own preordained position... SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 94. Wilford does that peculiar gesture Mason did previously withhis one hand, the other hand flipping the ingredients on theskillet this way and that. WILFORD (CONT’D)...and everyone is in it. Except you. CURTIS That’s what people in the bestplace say to the people in theworst place. There’s not a soul on this train who wouldn’t trade places with you. WILFORD Would you trade places with me? CURTIS Fuck you, you son of a bitch. WILFORD I see you have fight left in you.(beat)Curtis, dear boy, the fact is weare all stuck inside this blasted train. We are all prisoners inthis hunk of metal. (suddenly)Medium rare? And this train is a closed eco-system. We must alwaysstrive for balance. The water, the air, the food supply, thepopulation - all must be kept inbalance. Curtis remembers Mason’s speech about fish population. WILFORD (CONT’D) For optimum balance, however, there have been times when more radical solutions were required. When the population needed to be reducedrather...drastically. INT. TAIL SECTION - ENTRANCE Tail Section Passengers run to the end of the section like aherd of sheep being chased by a pack of wolves. They pile * everything they own to block the Gate. Chan throws a chair, as big as himself, up onto the barricade. The sound of gunfire comes from the other side. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 95. 55 INT. MACHINERY SECTION BLAM - The distant echo of gunfire wakes Yona. Namgoong,crouching painfully on the stairs, makes a bandage from his torn trousers for his wounded belly. He doesn’t look good. Huh? YONA What happened? NAMGOONG (mumbles)Brainless girl, NOW she wakes up. Yona, concerned, runs to Namgoong, trips and falls awkwardly.Reaching out to balance herself, her hand lands squarely onNamgoong’s belly. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) YEEEYAHHH! Yona tilts her head - she hears something - she looks at theback Gate as it begins to be battered from the other side. Namgoong points to where the stair rails meet the corridor. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)Yona, open that panel. Right belowyour left foot. Yona lifts a heavy iron lid with a grunt, exposing acircuitry panel as the Gate hinges begin to creak and break. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)Okay, pay attention. There’s one each of red, yellow and blue wires.(Yona nods)On the other side should be sockets numbered one to twelve. See them? * Namgoong dismantles the stair rail into two long metal pipes,keeping one and rolling one to Yona. The gate is nearlybroken apart. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)Three wires, twelve sockets. So how many combinations can we makeout of them, Yona? * Perhaps still drunk, Yona looks totally confused. The Gate breaks down with a BANG. Brain-addled “ZOMBIES” addicts out of their minds - rush in from the Brothel/OpiumDen. Seeing Namgoong and Yona who beat them and stole fromthem - they scream for joy! KILL! ZOMBIES KILL! SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 96. They blast the air with, of all things, vuvuzelas! Namgoongmoves into the narrow corridor, meeting the rush of Zombieshead on, swinging his pipe. WILFORD (V.O.)We don’t have time for true natural selection - we would all starve waiting for that. The next best solution is to have individual units kill off other individual units. This is what I call man-made natural selection. INT. ENGINE SECTION - WILFORD’S ROOM * Wilford sits at the table, chewing his steak. Curtis has not touched his food but it is so very, very tempting. WILFORD From time to time, we need to stir the pot. Historically, my potstirrings have taken the form ofuprisings. The Revolt of the Seven. The MacGregor Riots.(points his bloody knifeat Curtis)The Great Curtis Revolution! CURTIS ...! WILFORD A blockbuster production with adevilishly unpredictable plot! The shelf-life of this narrative should surely be more than a decade. Curtis’ face hardens. WILFORD (CONT’D)Who could have predicted yourcounterattack with the torch in the Yekaterina Tunnel! Pure genius!That wasn’t what we had in our plan. CURTIS We? Our plan? Curtis’ face loses its color as Wilford observes coolly. WILFORD Don’t tell me you didn’t know. We, Gilliam and I. Our plan. Mentioning “Gilliam” pricks up the hair on Curtis’ neck. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 97. Gilliam? CURTIS WILFORD Yes, my dear boy. Gilliam. The Tail and the Front are supposed towork together. We are all connected. Gilliam was more than a partner, really. A friend. Bullshit. CURTIS I don’t believe you. WILFORD Our original agreement was for thisinsurgency to end at the YekaterinaTunnel and then the survivors would go back to the Tail Section toenjoy much more space...but... CURTIS You’re a fucking liar.would never... Gilliam WILFORD (cuts off)Calm down. Calm down. It’s all worked out fine. Your counterattack actually made theinsurgency ten times more exciting.Unfortunately, the front sufferedgreater losses than anticipated,for which Gilliam paid the price.(slashes his throat withone hand)He let you go on and broke ourbargain. Isn’t it ironic? How people dramatically cross the thinbarrier between life and death? Now, there is just one last thingleft to do - tally up the numbers. 57 INT. TAIL SECTION The section has been totally seized by the Soldiers. Tail section Passengers, face down on the floor with their handsbound behind their backs, sound off for Egg-Head andSoldiers. * Egg-Head goes to a plate that reads “Wilford Enterprises” (the one behind Gilliam’s shoulder in Scene # 5) and slides open a panel to reveal an old-fashioned phone. * Close up of Egg-Head on the phone. * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 98. EGG-HEAD Finished here. We await yourinstructions. 58 INT. ENGINE SECTION Wilford holds an identical phone, standing beside a “Wilford Enterprises” plate that has been opened. WILFORD Stand by.(looking at Claude)Is it still the same number? * Claude, still aiming her gun at Curtis, counts the numberswith the fingers of her other hand on her thigh. CLAUDE (nods)Yes, it still stands at 74 percent. WILFORD (to Egg-Head)OK. Carry on. Shhh. Wait. Spare 18 to celebrate our 18th year. CLAUDE (adoringly)Wise decision. Claude yells out in the direction of Wilford’s phone, confident her message reaches Egg-head. CLAUDE (CONT’D)(back to business)Spare 18 per Wilford the Merciful. * * 59 INT. TAIL SECTION Yes sir. EGG-HEAD Egg-head, still holding the phone, nods to the Soldiers. RA-TA-TAT-TAT - Soldiers open fire on the immobile prisoners.Screams pierce the air. 60 INT. ENGINE SECTION Curtis shrivels as he listens to the sound of gun blasts andscreams through the phone. Enraged, his face reddens as hegrabs the fork instinctively. Claude swiftly draws herhandgun directly at Curtis’ temple. * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 99. WILFORD (holding the phone)I’ll miss Gilliam. I’ll miss our late night chats. Oh he could goon for hours, all with only onearm! Quite remarkable, don’t youthink? Overcome with shock and rage, Curtis rises to lunge atWilford with his fork. CURTIS Shut up! BLAM - Claude shoots the fork right out of his hand. PING -the bullet ricochets off the engine. WILFORD (continues his eating)Mind the Engine - she’s gettingsensitive, you know. CLAUDE (smiles)Sorry...(stern)Sit down and mind your table manners. WILFORD Please, try to keep your sense ofhumor. Curtis reluctantly sits down, his eyes burning with hatred. WILFORD (CONT’D)Well, now I see what Gilliam meant. * He told me you’re smart and * brilliant, but always so tense. He * worried about you, you know. * And... what was her name... Alice? * (exaggerated voice) * Alice, where are you? Maybe you * should go meet her and loosen up a * little. * Curtis is ready to collapse, his world crumbling in the shockand confusion. WILFORD (CONT’D)(looking at Curtis) * What’s with that face? What’s the * matter? You look like a crazy * person. As if we need more crazies * on this train! * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 100. 61 INT. MACHINERY SECTION Insane Zombies keep coming at Namgoong. He crushes one but another takes its place. They blast vuvuzelas and do not retreat. Franco appears at the gate but stops to watch thebattle, waiting for Namgoong to tire himself out. NAMGOONG (fighting)Yona, don’t rush! Try one at atime! One color first and the next! Yona plugs nodules to multi-colored wires creating sparks butthe gate does not move. Namgoong half-crouches due to thepain in his abdomen. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)Enough - you insane freaks - stopcoming out already! The Zombies respond with slurred commotion and vuvuzelas.Franco, flanked by the insanely joyful horde, is devoid ofexpression, looking towards Yona. WILFORD (V.O.)You know, I believe it is easier for someone to survive on this train if they have some level ofinsanity. 62 INT. ENGINE SECTION WILFORD As Gilliam well understood, we need to maintain a proper balance ofanxiety and fear, chaos and horrorin order to keep life going. If we don’t have them, we need to invent them. In that sense, the Great Curtis Revolution you invented was truly a masterpiece. Dazed and confused, Curtis’ eyes are empty as if each of Wilford’s words is sucking the life out of him. * WILFORD (CONT’D) Come here, Curtis. I have something to show you. You deserve it. Wilford directs Curtis to follow him into a circular gatewhere stands the Engine Core. Claude nudges Curtis’ back with her handgun, pushing him towards the Core. Curtis follows Wilford and slowly walks into the Core. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 101. It is perfectly quiet - no engine noise, rumble of thewheels, nothing. It is sound proof. Curtis takes it in: he is awed by the mysterious and seductive isolation. WILFORD (CONT’D) Cozy, yes? Peaceful. CURTIS (nods) ... WILFORD You are now in the heart of the Engine. I’ve devoted my entirelife to this - the eternal engine.It is eternity itself. Curtis’ eyes can’t lie as he takes in the stillness, which he * hadn’t felt for a long time. * WILFORD (CONT’D)Have you ever been alone on thistrain? When was the last time youwere alone? Can’t remember, can you. So please do take your time. Wilford offers a gentle, fatherly smile to Curtis and,together with Claude, retreats out of Curtis’ vision. * Curtis, finally, stands alone in the silent Core: for thevery first time in the entire film, we see Curtis all aloneby himself. Quiet. Desolate but cozy as if time has stopped. Curtis * breaks down. He drops to his knees, shoulders trembling,warm tears pouring down endlessly. Curtis’ POV: Tears drain on the floor as Wilford’s foot * frames in. Curtis raises his head to see Wilford holding up a metalcapsule. WILFORD (CONT’D) I just wrote it. For you. Here. Take it. Wilford holds out the capsule in his upturned palm. Curtis takes it and, his hands shaking wildly, opens it to read theRed Letter: “T-R-A-I-N.” Curtis lets it sink in. * WILFORD (CONT’D) I am old. I want you to take mystation. It’s what you wanted allalong. CURTIS No...I... SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 102. WILFORD You must tend the Engine, keep herhumming. Wilford helps Curtis up. As Curtis stands to look towards the back of the train for the very first time, Wilford stands behind Curtis and whispers in his ear. WILFORD (CONT’D) Look, Curtis. Look back. Beyondthat gate - section after sectionprecisely where they’ve always beenand where they’ll always be alladding up to what? The train. And now, once again, the perfectlycorrect number of human beings allin their proper places all addingup to what? Humanity. The train is the world, we the humanity. Curtis, just as Wilford has been doing all these years, looks to the back of the train. Curtis isn’t sure anymore, Wilford has gotten into his head. WILFORD (CONT’D) And now you have the sacred responsibility to lead all ofhumanity. Without you, Curtis,humanity will cease to exist.You’ve seen what human beings dowithout leadership. They devourone another. You, Curtis, you arehumanity. You, Curtis, you areeternity. You, Curtis, you. 63 INT. MACHINERY SECTION/ENGINE SECTION Yona takes a deep breath, trying to focus. Beyond, out offocus, Namgoong fights Zombies. Yona connects Red into No. 5, yellow into No. 1, blue into No. 4. The sparks are hugethis time; the gate rumbles and opens. Ahhh!! YONA NAMGOONG Yona, Chronole! Yona grabs her steel pipe and rushes up the steps. She spotsthe Chronole Bomb peeking out of Claude’s pocket. Claude, keeping her handgun aimed at Curtis, aims her rifle at Yona.Yona, knowing the rifle is empty, heads straight for Claude. * * Claude pulls the trigger. CLICK - the rifle is empty. CLUNK - Yona strikes Claude in the back of the head with the steel pipe. Claude arches back to fall flat on the floor. * SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 103. Wilford and Curtis watch the spectacle from inside the EngineCore, looking down on the people with condescending faces. Yona grabs the Chronole Bomb and handgun from Claude. She opens fire on the Zombies who fall right and left. The Zombies, under fire, run away screaming wildly, theirvuvuzelas finally silenced. NAMGOONG (CONT’D) Yona! Give me the gun! YONA No! Franco does not move. Yona coolly lifts the gun at Franco’s face and REALLY aims carefully. BLAM -Franco’s left cheekbone is shattered but he hardly even blinks. FRANCO Got more ammo? YONA ... Yona throws the pistol away. Namgoong groans at her actionas Franco now saunters forward raising his knife. FRANCO Let’s end this. Namgoong and Franco engage in a mano-a-mano duel. Namgoong screams at Yona while trying to evade Franco’s blade. * NAMGOONG There! Above that handle! Yona pastes the Chronole brick into the cracks near the exitdoor handle. Namgoong, meanwhile, fights like a mad dog. CURTIS’ AND WILFORD’S POV: within the Engine Core, the noisefrom the outside is muted as we watch Namgoong, Franco andYona fight to the death. Wilford is still right on Curtis’ ear: WILFORD Look at them. That’s how people are. You know - you’ve seen this -you’ve been this. CURTIS ... WILFORD But no more. Look at them -ridiculous, pathetic, aren’t they?(MORE) SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 104. WILFORD (CONT'D) You can save them from themselves. This is what Gilliam saved you for.Curtis, this is your destiny. Curtis stands in front of the circular Engine Core. His * eyes, as he looks down on the humans, have turned into exact replicas of Wilford’s. Curtis’ bleak and cold eyes blink. NAMGOONG Yona! Curtis has the last match! Yona finishes pasting the Chronole bomb to the door and runsup the stairs to Curtis who returns a cold stare. YONA Curtis! The Match! Curtis coldly extends his arm to Yona’s neck and shoves her down to the Engine Core’s entrance. She is shocked to see his transformed face. She is frozen. Curtis reaches out to slap her face with the back of his hand. YONA (CONT’D)...? CURTIS Get back! How dare you come here! Yona can’t understand. She stops in her tracks. She looks down to see what she is standing on. YONA’S POV: her feet stand on top of the “WILFORDENTERPRISES” iron plate. * YONA KYAAAA! Yona’s sudden shrill scream catches Wilford and Curtis’ * attention though they look at her with indifference.Namgoong and Franco stop fighting to look at Yona. YONA (CONT’D)(looking down)Cough...coughing! Coughing?! Suddenly, a thought flashes through Curtis’ mind; something he has forgotten. He blinks as if to clear Wilford * out of his head. Curtis runs to Yona and pushes her aside. He lifts the small but thick iron hatch to unveil a horrible, inhuman sight: Within the complex, intricate moving parts of the engine isTim - head shaved and ribs showing emaciation - coughinggently. He has been completely inserted into the Engine,repeating the same movement over and over - the exact gesturethat Mason and Wilford made before. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 105. CURTIS ...TIMMY! Curtis and Yona stand in shock without a word but Wilford quietly mutters. WILFORD Ingenious, yes? That piece ofequipment went extinct five years ago. We needed a - replacement. Curtis has trouble breathing. He trembles. Yona hides her * eyes and weeps helplessly. Wilford, standing next to Curtisand Yona, looks down the hole and continues casually. WILFORD (CONT’D)The space only allows for a verysmall person. Young Children - sixand under - have difficultylearning the concentration andpatience required for such animportant station but Claude spenta long time training these parts. CURTIS You... WILFORD The engine lasts forever but not soall of its parts. Thank goodness * the Tail Section has manufactured a steady supply of kids. CURTIS You fucking bastard! Curtis hits Wilford’s face hard. Wilford falls to the floor * but wipes the blood away with ease. * WILFORD Curtis, don’t disappoint me - I’vecome to have such faith in you. Bynow, you must realize that everyonehas their own pre-ordainedposition... Wilford makes that gesture yet again - EXACTLY THE SAME asTim makes now. Curtis watches Wilford finish and then kicks him. Wilford is knocked out. Curtis is back to his normal self, his eyes focused with determination and rage. Curtis bends down to reach out to Tim stuck inside the hole. CLACK -Curtis’ arm gets jammed by the Engine parts. Curtis * bites back excruciating pain to stop the machine’s movement for a brief second. Yona, crying out of control, comes to help Curtis but heholds out his other hand. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 106. Curtis grabs Yona’s hand, palm up, just like Gilliam. She * feels something and opens her hand: the matchbook. YONA ...! CURTIS Go! Yona runs to the Chronole Bomb, tears still streaming downher face. Curtis reaches out with all his might to grab Tim’s weak shoulder. Tim looks up at Curtis but doesn’t recognize him and keeps up his movement. On top of the Machinery Section’s viaduct, Namgoong and Franco are intertwined in a mortal, wrestling rumble to gaincontrol of the knife that lies far from the two. Namgoong,the weaker of the two, suddenly grabs Franco’s BALLS. FRANCO AWWW! NAMGOONG Yona! Fire! Yona stands by the Chronole Bomb pasted on the Side Exit.She opens the matchbook to reveal - one single match leftinside. She closes her eyes and breathes out in her unique way. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)What the fuck are you doing?!Fire! Now! Yona strikes the match. Nothing happens. She tries againbut the match refuses to ignite. NAMGOONG (CONT’D)(shouting in desperation)Hold it near the tip! Yona closes her eyes and breathes rhythmically. Curtis, suppressing excruciating pain, extends his left armunder Tim’s armpit and pulls him out. Curtis’ face is completely contorted in pain as he holds Tim tight with hisgood, right arm. WANK WANK - an alarm sounds and red lamps around the EngineCore lights up. A pale, ghostly presence drops to the Engine Section floorfrom cracks in the machinery. Another small child, emaciated to the bones: Andrew’s son, Andy. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 107. CURTIS Andy! Andy immediately repeats the same hand gesture. He walks eyes blank, and opens another lid on the floor. CURTIS (CONT’D) No! Don’t go in there! Andy, eyes empty, crawls into the hole and finds his place,where Tim was inside moments ago. Wilford slowly pullshimself up. WILFORD Don’t be so melodramatic. It’s not as if they work 24/7. See, we do change shifts. Right on time. Claude - still bleeding, showing no emotion - wakes up andstands up like a machine and holds up a long stick. She shoves the stick inside the horizontal crack where Andyappeared to scoop out a CAUCASIAN GIRL (6). The Girl is still asleep, rubbing her eyes, as sheautomatically walks toward the Core. Alarms blare louder as the Engine Core protrudes like apiston to reveal a LATINO GIRL (6) inside who walks out. As the Caucasian Girl takes LATINO GIRL’s position, the piston slowly retracts to its original position. CURTIS No...no! Yona, opens her eyes, stops her rhythmic breathing and WOOSH -fires the match. Yona puts the burning match to the fuse.The fire wildly chases towards the Chronole Bomb. NAMGOONG GO UP YONA! YONA What about you Dad? NAMGOONG I’ll go after you. You go up now! Yona goes up the stairs to Curtis who passes Tim carefullyinto her arms. Curtis, his arm nearly torn off and gushingblood, looks at Yona as he holds off his pain. CURTIS Go! Curtis makes up his mind to give up his arm. He bites his tongue as he prepares for the moment. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 108. CURTIS (CONT’D) AAAAAAHHHHHH! Namgoong and Franco pant hard almost running out of steam. NAMGOONG (to Franco)Not that you understand me... FRANCO (moans) NAMGOONG You smell like shit! Namgoong, with his final reserves of strength, breaksFranco’s neck with a CRACK. Namgoong runs for the stairs as the wick burns down. He pulls down the lever to close the Gate to the Engine. The Gate moves five inches but gets stuck - sparks erupt - andstops in its tracks. Namgoong is aghast: “Shit, now the blast will blow off the entire engine section.” But it is too late. Namgoong, out of instinct, runs to Yona who holds Tim tightin her arms. The big mass of Namgoong holds the two of themfrom behind. Curtis, from the opposite side, walks toward them bleedingfrom many wounds. With one arm gone, he resembles Gilliam orperhaps a saint. Namgoong and Curtis face each other to embrace Yona who holdsTim in her arms. Namgoong, Yona, Tim, and Curtis togetherform a single lump of human-beings. B-O-O-M! The Chronole bomb goes off. The flame swallows them all in a microsecond: Wilford and Claude sit at the table slicing the steak oblivious to thedisruption only to be engulfed in flame. Namgoong, Yona,Tim, and Curtis fly out as one great ball of flame. Curtis' back and head crash with force into the iron mass at the front of the engine. EXT. EARTH BOOM! The train shakes insanely, belching out of fire. The mountain range beside the railroad trembles and the snowon the top of the mountain starts to flow down in a greatavalanche, waves of snow cascading. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 109. The train, running the tracks below, seems like a helplessearthworm before this giant advancing tsunami of snowproducing an earthshaking rumble. 65 INT. TAIL SECTION Chan, spared, looks up at the sound. Surviving Passengers,Egg-Head and the occupying Soldiers look around wonderingwhat is happening. B-O-O-M! - everyone flies up into the air. 66 EXT. TUNNEL - ENTRANCE Just as the tsunami of snow is about to swallow the train, it enters a tunnel - three sections only - before the rest ofthe train is swept away down a sharp mountain slope. The third and the fourth sections separate in a shower of sparks. 67 EXT. BOTTOM OF MOUNTAIN The avalanche spreads out to cover the entire mountain slope;train Sections roll down to the very bottom under giganticmasses of snow. 68 EXT. TUNNEL - EXIT The first three Sections pop out the other side of the tunneland hit the heavily fallen snow. The train rises up in theair and slides down before finally stopping. Silence. Desolation. 69 INT. ENGINE SECTION The Engine Section lies on its side. The burnt bodies are strewn everywhere. Namgoong Minsoo and Curtis Everett,released from their final embrace, lie side by side, burnt,bloody and riddled with glass fragments and metal shrapnel. Tim’s eyes are seen. They blink. Yona’s hand pokes out. YONA Dad! Dad! Yona shakes Namgoong’s body hopelessly, weeping. Tim stares at Curtis' body. Beat. He starts the hand gesture again. Yona looks through the blasted Exit Door at the blue skyabove. Snowflakes flutter riding a beam of sunlight. SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 110. 70 EXT. TRAIN Yona’s head pokes through the Exit Door. She inhales the bright, icy air. The snowflakes and cold wind tussle her black hair. She pulls Tim, clad in an Inuit fur coat, outbehind her. CUT TO: 71 EXT. SNOWFIELD Yona’s feet softly crush the snow as she walks. She puts Tim down. He continues his hand movement. Yona surveys thevast, white landscape; tears running down her cheeks. Yona tilts her head - listening. She looks up a snow coveredhill where a figure comes into view: a polar bear. * The bear stands majestic and proud, regarding the humans.His grunting breath rhythmically pounds Yona’s psychic eardrums. Yona breathes in and out, riding the rhythm. As Tim’s attention is drawn to the bear, he finally stops the hand gesture. Superimposed over his young face is his futureadult voice: TIM (V.O.)I've been cold since the day I wasborn. Tim’s mouth breathes white vapor. TIM Because I was born on the snow. The rhythmic breathing turns into musical notes resemblingheart beats. Young Tim’s black face and white eyes fill the screen. FADE TO WHITE: THE END 1. TITLE SEQUENCE OVER BLACK Accompanied by dark but curiously upbeat MUSIC. At the end of the credits, the MAIN TITLE, in strangecalligraphy, fills the screen -“PARASITE” MUSIC FADES. 1 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - DAY 1 A dank semi-basement apartment. KI-WOO, 24, runs from cornerto corner searching desperately for a Wi-Fi signal. Variousnetworks pop up, but they’re all password-protected. KI-WOO NO. Not you too “iptime.” Ki-Jung!Upstairs neighbor finally locked uphis Wi-Fi. ADJACENT ROOM -Lying on the floor of the narrow room, KI-JUNG, 23, barelymoves her lips -- ‘Fuck.’ KI-JUNG Try ‘123456789.’ Then try itbackwards. KI-WOO No luck. ANOTHER ROOM -Also lying on the floor, CHUNG-SOOK, 49, the mother, scoffsat their collective misery. CHUNG-SOOK What am I supposed to do if someonecalls me? What if it’s a job? Hey,Ki-Tek! She kicks KI-TEK, 49, who is sleeping at her feet. CHUNG-SOOK (CONT’D)I know you’re awake, asshole. Careto comment? KI-TEK (wiping his drool) 2. What? CHUNG-SOOK Our phones have been suspended forweeks, and now the neighbors haveshut us out. What’s your plan? She kicks him again. CHUNG-SOOK (CONT’D)What are you going to do about it?What’s the plan, genius? She treats Ki-Tek like shit, but it doesn’t bother him. Herises with the most serene, enlightened smile, then plodsover to the -LIVING ROOM SLASH KITCHEN Where he removes a bag of white bread from the sad, emptyfridge. The bread is nearly gone too. Only the ends remain. Ki-Tek takes a piece and picks off the moldy parts. He chewson the bread as he watches his son’s Wi-Fi dance. KI-TEK Son, if one seeks Wi-Fi-He raises his hand high. KI-TEK (CONT’D)One must reach into the heavens. Up. KI-WOO Yes, Father. Ki-Woo raises the phone high as he heads into the -BATHROOM The bathroom is long and narrow and has a raised ‘altar’ atthe far end where the toilet sits. The odd placement isnecessitated by the semi-basement’s lower position inrelation to the septic tank. Ki-Woo walks in and climbs onto the toilet seat. He continues to fish for a signal when -KI-WOO (CONT’D)BOOYAH! KI-JUNG (O.S.)You got it? 3. Ki-Jung barges in and walks over with her phone held up. KI-WOO You see it? “coffeenara_2G”. I guessit’s a new coffee joint. Must benearby. KI-JUNG I’m not getting shit. KI-WOO Get up closer. Ki-Jung climbs onto the altar and squeezes next to Ki-Woo.The siblings look ridiculous. Head touching the ceiling.Huddled on top of the toilet seat. Chung-Sook pops in. CHUNG-SOOK No text from Pizza Time? 2,000 moreboxes and it’s payday. 2 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - LATER 2 The family sits among piles of UNASSEMBLED PIZZA BOXES andfolds them in silence. The crunch of cardboard is the onlysound as the cheap Pizza Time logo comes in and goes out ofthe foreground. They hear a truck rattling closer. Through the window, theysee a STREET FUMIGATION TRUCK spewing gas as it passes by.The fog rolls closer to the window. KI-JUNG (to Ki-Woo)Close the window. KI-TEK Leave it. Free fumigation. Get ridof the damn crickets. Ki-Woo, who was about to close the window, sits back down. The FOG quickly envelops the family as they continue to fold.It’s rather poignant. A family braving through tear-inducingfumes just to make a meager living. CHUNG-SOOK (gasps) Shit! KI-JUNG 4. (coughing)I told you to close it! CHUNG-SOOK Fuck me. Ki-Tek continues folding despite his red, bulging face. Hedesperately holds back his cough. Ki-Woo goes to the bathroom and returns moments later withhis phone. He shows the family a GIF he downloaded. KI-WOO Watch. If we all fold like this girl, we might even get paid today. The GIF shows “The World’s Fastest Pizza Box Folder,” a WHITEGIRL with dazzling box-folding skills. She’s fast. The family watches in awe. Inspired by the clip, they startfolding with renewed vigor. Ki-Tek also picks up speed, but he lacks the dexterity of theothers. He’s getting more and more sloppy. 3 INT/EXT. SEMI-BASEMENT - ENTRANCE - LATE AFTERNOON 3 Through the half-open door, we see the female PIZZA SHOPOWNER standing outside the entrance. Quirky appearance. PizzaTime T-shirt. PIZZA SHOP OWNER Look at this for example. Thisshitty folding job here. The Owner shows Chung-Sook a botched corner. PIZZA SHOP OWNER (CONT’D)One out of four. One-fourth of the boxes are unusable. One out of four? The family all look at Ki-Tek. He just smiles. Innocent as ever. CHUNG-SOOK (sighs)Still, you can’t cut ten percentfrom my pay. That’s too much. LATER -Ki-Woo helps a MAN load boxes into a van. 5. Ki-Tek looks out from the apartment window, watching Chung-Sook squabble with the Pizza Shop Owner. PIZZA SHOP OWNER I should pay even less consideringthe number of botched boxes. CHUNG-SOOK We were barely making anything tobegin with. PIZZA SHOP OWNER Look. It’s not that simple. Eachruined box exponentially tarnishesour brand’s image. CHUNG-SOOK Your “brand”? You only have twostores in Seoul. Fuck this-PIZZA SHOP OWNER What did you say? Ki-Woo quickly steps in, diffusing the situation with an easysmile. KI-WOO It’s that kid, isn’t it? PIZZA SHOP OWNER What are you talking about? KI-WOO The part-timer at your shop. He wentMIA, didn’t he? During such acrucial time too. You have a largegroup order from The Love of ChristChurch. That’s why you and yourhusband are out here working yourbottoms off. PIZZA SHOP OWNER How do you know that? Who told you? KI-WOO That kid, he’s my friend. KI-JUNG Totally unreliable. Not-so- stellarreputation. KI-WOO I understand you’re upset. Tenpercent? Fine, we accept. That’s 6. completely within your authority.However-PIZZA SHOP OWNER However what? KI-WOO Would you consider hiring a newemployee? KI-JUNG Fire the loser who bailed on you. The Owner just stares at the smiling siblings. What the hellare these people? KI-WOO I can come in for an interview tomorrow. What would be a good timefor you? PIZZA SHOP OWNER Wait. Hold on. I need to think about this-The Owner senses a trap and tries to get out of it. She takesout a few bills from her fanny pack and starts counting oneby one. The family all stare. It’s been a while since they’ve seen money. 4 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - EARLY EVENING 4 The ‘master bedroom’ next to the entrance. Wall adorned with pictures of a young Chung-Sook competing at a national trackand field championship as a student athlete. A SHOT PUTTER.Great upper body glimpsed through tight uniform. No picturesof Ki-Tek. Early evening. It’s darker. The four family members aregathered around a table filled with various store-boughtfoods. KI-TEK What a special occasion. The four ofus gathered here to celebrate thepartial reactivation of our phonesas well as our son’s upcoming jobinterview with a national franchise. Ki-Tek tries to deliver a heartfelt speech like a TVpatriarch but severely lacks the gravitas. Chung-Sook and Ki7. Jung are already drinking their beers. KI-WOO Cheers! KI-TEK To family!(re: window)That son of a bitch. It’s not even dark yet! The family turns to see -A DRUNK MAN teetering toward the semi-basement window. Their faces slowly fill with dread. CHUNG-SOOK How many times did I tell you? Weneed to put up a “No Urinating”sign. KI-TEK It’ll make them want to do it even more. It’s psychology. KI-JUNG (to Ki-Woo)Go yell at him or something! KI-WOO It’s not the right timing-The Drunk Man hasn’t unzipped his pants, still hoveringuncertainly in the dark corner. KI-WOO (CONT’D)(hesitates)I need to catch him in the act. CHUNG-SOOK Isn’t it fucking obvious? Just kickhim out! KI-JUNG (to herself)I hate this place. Ki-Woo gets up, still unsure, when -VOICE (O.S.)HEY, MISTER! 8. A VOICE booms from afar. Behind the Drunk Man, we see ahandsome, well-built young man climbing off a fancy scooter.This is MIN-HYUK, 24. He walks over with a LARGE BOX in hishands. KI-JUNG Is that Min-Hyuk? CHUNG-SOOK It is. Ki-Woo is surprised to see Min-Hyuk, who continues to yell atthe would-be public urinater. MIN-HYUK What do you think you’re doing? Youthink this is a public toilet? DRUNK MAN I, uh-MIN-HYUK What are you looking at! Cowed by Min-Hyuk’s presence, the Drunk Man quicklyskedaddles away. Ki-Tek taps Ki-Woo on the shoulder. KI-TEK Your friend has mucho cajones. CHUNG-SOOK It’s that college student glow. Lookat that confidence. KI-JUNG Which Ki-Woo obviously doesn’t have. A smitten Ki-Jung admires Min-Hyuk as he walks over to theapartment. He enters. MIN-HYUK How are you, Mr. and Mrs. Kim! KI-TEK Min-Hyuk! Good to see you, son! KI-WOO What’s with the surprise appearance? MIN-HYUK I texted you.(to Ki-Jung) 9. Hey, Ki-Jung. Ki-Jung smiles shyly as she nods. Ki-Woo searches through his text messages. KI-WOO We could have met somewhere else. You didn’t have to come all this way. MIN-HYUK I brought this. Min-Hyuk shows Ki-Woo the box. MIN-HYUK (CONT’D)It’s heavy so I had to bring it onmy bike. KI-JUNG What’s this? Ki-Jung lifts the flap to see a UNIQUELY SHAPED STONE and awooden display stand inside. MIN-HYUK (to Ki-Tek)When I told my grandfather I wasgoing to see Ki-Woo, he gave methis. KI-TEK Whoa. Ki-Tek picks up the large stone. KI-TEK (CONT’D)This is a precious viewing stone. Isthis an abstract specimen? MIN-HYUK You know your stones, Mr. Kim. PopPop’s been collecting viewing stonessince his academy days. Our house isliterally filled with these things -living room, study, basement...This one is supposed to bring luck.And money. KI-WOO How perfect for us. Symbolic. KI-TEK 10. Yes, how serendipitous. Please sendhim our sincere regards. CHUNG-SOOK (to herself)He should’ve brought food. Ki-Jung stabs Chung-Sook with her finger. Fortunately Min-Hyuk didn’t hear. As a beaming Ki-Tek continues to show off useless stonetrivia -CUT TO: 5 EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STORE - NIGHT 5 Min-Hyuk and Ki-Woo sit at a portable table outside thestore, drinking soju and chasing it with chips. Min-Hyuk’sexpensive foreign scooter is parked behind him. It visuallyclashes with the old grocery store and run-down alley. MIN-HYUK I had to bring that stupid rock, butit was nice to see your folks. Theylook good. KI-WOO They’re not as good as they look.They’re all jobless. MIN-HYUK Ki-Jung’s at home too? She doesn’ttake college prep classes? KI-WOO It’s not that she doesn’t want to. She can’t. Ki-Woo downs a shot of soju. Min-Hyuk looks at Ki-Woo. He has something to say. He takesout his phone and shows Ki-Woo -A picture of a brightly smiling TEENAGE GIRL. High schooluniform. Innocent. MIN-HYUK Cute, right? KI-WOO Is that her? The girl you’retutoring? 11. Min-Hyuk nods. MIN-HYUK Park Da-Hae. A sophomore. I want youto tutor her. Take over for me as her English teacher. KI-WOO That makes no sense. MIN-HYUK Her family’s loaded. The gig paysreally well. That gets Ki-Woo’s attention. He looks at the picture again. MIN-HYUK (CONT’D)She’s a good kid. I want you to lookafter her until I come back from the study-abroad program. KI-WOO You have plenty of friends atschool. Why do you want a high-school grad to teach your prizedstudent? MIN-HYUK Why do you think? I shudder justthinking about those female- starvedengineering students drooling aroundher like hungry wolves. It’srevolting. Ki-Woo studies Min-Hyuk. KI-WOO (laughs)You like her, don’t you? MIN-HYUK (nods)I’m serious about her. I’m going toask her out in two years, once she’sin college. I want you to take careof her while I’m gone. I trust you. KI-WOO I appreciate the trust, but you wantme to pretend I’m a college student? MIN-HYUK Ki-Woo, think about it. How manytimes have you taken the college 12. entrance exam? Twice before yourmilitary service and twice after -a grand total of four times.Grammar, vocabulary, composition,speaking. You’re an English master.Far more qualified as a tutor than Iam. Better than those spoiledcollege brats who drown their braincells in booze everyday. KI-WOO That may be true but-- You think thefamily would accept me? I’m not evena college student. MIN-HYUK We’ll embellish a little. You’ll be fine. You’ll have my recommendation.And the mother is a bit-Min-Hyuk picks up his glass to drink when he suddenly becomesthoughtful. He smiles. MIN-HYUK (CONT’D)She’s simple. Young. And simple. KI-WOO (English)Simple? What do you mean? MIN-HYUK (English)I don’t know. Just simple. Min-Hyuk and Ki-Woo start conversing in English for noreason. They’re fluent. MIN-HYUK (CONT’D)I hear Ki-Jung is handy withPhotoshop. 6 INT. INTERNET CAFÉ - DAY 6 Ki-Jung is working at the computer, clicking the mouse andtapping various keyboard shortcuts with dizzying speed. She’slike a magician. On the monitor is a document -“Certificate of Enrollment.” With laser focus, Ki-Jung refines the edges of the redcertification seal. KI-WOO 13. This is amazing. How come you keepfailing the art school exam? KI-JUNG Shut up, dickwad. The siblings work discreetly in the corner of the largeinternet café. KI-WOO Take your time.(looking around)We should hold off on the printinguntil the place clears out. 7 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - DAY 7 Ki-Tek is on the floor laying his head on the viewing stone.He admires the freshly printed enrollment certificate. KI-TEK Look at this. There should be a major for document forgery at SeoulNational University. Ki- Jung wouldbe top of the class. CHUNG-SOOK Shut up and wish the boy good luckfor his interview. KI-TEK My son-Ki-Tek sits up. KI-TEK (CONT’D)I’m so proud of you. A slightly awkward and embarrassing moment. They all know Ki-Woo did nothing to be proud of. Ki-Woo finishes touching up his hair in front of the mirror.He picks up the fake certificate. KI-WOO I don’t consider this a crime. No. Because I plan on going to thisschool next year. KI-TEK That’s my son. Man with a plan. KI-WOO 14. I’m just using some of theiradministrative services in advance. 8 EXT. RICH NEIGHBORHOOD - ROAD - DAY 8 A quiet road snaking up the hill of a wealthy neighborhood.High walls. Not a pedestrian in sight. Except Ki-Woo, whoconsults the map on his phone as he walks up the hill,backpack strapped. He looks around. Walks faster. 9 EXT. MANSION - GATE - DAY 9 Ki-Woo stands in front of the gate, which is at the top of asteep stairway. He waits through the MELODIC DOORBELL until aVOICE finally answers. The voice is middle-aged, female. FEMALE VOICE (SPEAKER)Who is it? KI-WOO Mrs. Park? Hi, I’m Min-Hyuk’sfriend-FEMALE VOICE (SPEAKER)Oh, hello. Please come in. CLANK. The gate is unlocked, and Ki-Woo walks into -A GORGEOUSLY MANICURED GARDEN LINED WITH MAJESTIC TREES Ki-Woo stops midway and admires the trees, overcome with awe. MUN-KWANG (O.S.)Quite a view, isn’t it? KI-WOO Mrs. Park, pleasure to meet you. MUN-KWANG Oh, no. I’m the housekeeper. Pleasefollow me. MUN-KWANG, 45, fashionable and poised enough to be mistakenfor the owner, leads Ki-Woo inside. KI-WOO Stunning garden. MUN-KWANG The inside is even more stunning. 15. 10 INT. MANSION - DAY 10 Ki-Woo carefully follows Mun-Kwang inside. Indeed, theinterior is stunning. But not excessive. The furniture anddecorations are all tasteful. MUN-KWANG Do you know Namgoong Hyunja? Thefamous Korean-French architect? Ki-woo is blank. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)This used to be his house. He built it. KI-WOO I see. MUN-KWANG Now it’s just Da-Hae’s house. Mun-Kwang stops just short of the fabulous living roomoverlooking the garden, arriving at the equally fabulous andspacious -KITCHEN / DINING ROOM She seats Ki-Woo at the large wooden table. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)Please wait here. I’ll get Mrs.Park. Mun-Kwang exits, and Ki-Woo is left alone in silence. Hequietly gets up and looks around. There’s some kind of AVANT-GARDE ART hanging on the wall.Next to it, he sees a typical Korean FAMILY PORTRAIT taken ata studio. Ki-Woo walks over to the window, which overlooks thebackyard. He sees -A WOMAN dozing off at the patio table. English magazine openon the table. Head tilted comically. Only her soft white neckis visible. This is YON-KYO, 41. Mun-Kwang walks over and CLAPS her hands loudly next to YonKyo’s ears. Yon-Kyo sucks her drool in and slowly raises her head. Wehear their muffled voices through the window. 16. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)The tutor is here. YON-KYO What do you think of him? MUN-KWANG (smiles)I don’t know, but he’s handsome. 11 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - DAY 11 Yon-Kyo sits with Ki-Woo at the dining table. She pulls outthe fake certificate halfway, glimpses at it, then puts itback in. Ki-Woo is nervous. Even the DOG, cradled in Yon-Kyo’s arms,is watching him. Panting. Disapproving. YON-KYO I don’t care about papers. I onlywanted to see you because you wererecommended by Min-Hyuk. I guess youtwo are good friends. Ki-Woo listens quietly. YON-KYO (CONT’D)I’m sure you know better than I do,but Min-Hyuk is just the mostbrilliant human being. I don’t evencare about the grades. Da- Hae and Iabsolutely adored him. Do you knowwhat I mean? KI-WOO Of course. YON-KYO We just loved him so much. I wantedhim to stay with Da-Hae through hercollege exams next year, but nowhe’s leaving to study abroad and I’msuddenly left without a tutor. Imean, what am I supposed to do? Ki-Woo listens, respectful. YON-KYO (CONT’D)Excuse my bluntness, but I justdon’t see the point of hiringsomeone unless he’s as utterlyoutstanding as Min-Hyuk, you know? 17. Mun-Kwang sneaks a glance at Ki-Woo as she brings coffee overto the table, checking him out. CLINK. She sets it down loudly in front of Ki-Woo. YON-KYO (CONT’D)I guess what I wanted to ask was -Would it be okay if I sat in fortoday’s class? I want to see thewhole thing. Judge for myself. Iwould like to see your -- methods. KI-WOO Uh... YON-KYO (English)Is that okay with you? Yon-Kyo suddenly blurts out a question in English. HerEnglish is terrible. 12 INT. MANSION - STAIRCASE - DAY 12 Ki-Woo follows Yon-Kyo up the large, oppressive staircase,trying his best not look at her conspicuously swaying hips.He arrives on the second floor where he sees -A long hallway with several doors on each side. 13 INT. MANSION - DA-HAE’S ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 13 A large, pretty room. Yon-Kyo and her dog are sitting on thebed watching Ki-Woo. The attention doesn’t bother Ki-Woo, who is calmly focused onDA-HAE as she works through a practice test. KI-WOO Are you sure about question 14? DA-HAE (hesitant)Is it wrong? KI-WOO I’m asking you. What does your gutsay? Do you think number 14 isright? Da-Hae shrinks. 18. KI-WOO (CONT’D)You were working on other questionsbefore you came back to 14. Am Iright? DA-HAE Yes. Ki-Woo suddenly snatches Da-Hae’s wrist, shocking both Da-Haeand her mom. He presses his thumb gently and feels her pulselike doctor. KI-WOO If this was a real test and number 14 was the first question, youwould’ve been in trouble from the start. He presses harder. KI-WOO (CONT’D)See? You pulse is irregular. Yourheart doesn’t lie. Da-Hae turns bright red. Yon-Kyo is speechless, eitherappalled or in awe. KI-WOO (CONT’D)What are you supposed to do in atest? You move forward. You need to seize the flow. The rhythm. If not,you’re screwed. I don’t care aboutquestion number 14. I only careabout how you seize the flow. Howyou conquer the test as a whole. Youget it? Da-Hae is quiet. KI-WOO (CONT’D)A test is all about confidence. (English)Attitude. Stunned silence. Ki-Woo finally lets go of Da-Hae’s wrist,revealing a round, pink spot where he held her. Ki-Woo looks over at Yon-Kyo. She’s completely floored. KI-WOO (CONT’D)I know. You were angry. Frustrated.You worked so hard. Studied until your nose bled. But your test scores 19. weren’t improving. You keep askingyourself, ‘What am I doing wrong?’ That triggers something in Da-Hae. Emotions swell, and herpupils tremble. KI-WOO (CONT’D)I’m here to prepare you for the realthing. I’m not here to help youlearn. I’m here to help you score. 14 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - EVENING 14 CLOSE ON a thick money envelope being handed to Ki-Woo. YON-KYO I’ll pay you each month on this day.As for the lesson, I was thinkingthree times a week? Monday,Wednesday, Friday? KI-WOO That sounds good. YON-KYO It’s a little more than what Min-Hyuk used to get. Cost of living andso forth. KI-WOO Thank you. As Ki-Woo puts away the envelope, Mun-Kwang brings over afruit plate. She’s noticeably friendlier than before. YON-KYO (to Mun-Kwang)I guess it’s time to get to knoweach other. Mr. Kevin will be DaHae’s English teacher. MUN-KWANG Of course! Mr. Kevin, you let meknow if you need anything at allduring your lessons -- snacks,drinks, whatever. KI-WOO I appreciate it. YON-KYO Feel free to pester her if you needanything in this house. She’s the 20. expert. She knows it better than Ido. They continue exchanging pleasantries when -THUNK. A PLASTIC ARROW flies in and hits Mun-Kwang’sshoulder. When Ki-Woo looks over -It’s a boy in a Native American costume about to shootanother arrow. This is DA-SONG, 10, the youngest Park. YON-KYO (CONT’D)Da-Song! Behave yourself. We have aguest! Da-Song doesn’t care. He continues shooting. Mun-Kwang is used to the antics. She picks up an arrow andrubs it in her armpit. MUN-KWANG (silly laugh)Armpit attack! DA-SONG No!! It stinks! Da-Song plucks a TOY AXE from his belt and starts running in‘slow motion’ toward Mun-Kwang. He screams like a warrior. Mun-Kwang does the same, flailing in fake slow motion. Theymake quite a pair. YON-KYO (sighs)I apologize. Our son is a little -unique. KI-WOO Unique is good. YON-KYO He has trouble focusing. ADHD. Wesigned him up for the Cub Scoutshoping the discipline would help,but he’s become an even biggerweirdo. Now he’s obsessed with Indians-KI-WOO (laughs)The Scouts have roots in American Indian culture, so he has the rightidea. 21. YON-KYO You were a Scout too? KI-WOO Yes, I learned a lot as a Scout. YON-KYO Look how fine you turned out. What’swrong with him?(then, serious)He’s actually an art prodigy, youknow. Did you see the drawings?(re: pictures on the wall)Those are his. Ki-Woo turns toward the AVANT-GARDE DRAWINGS on the wall. He gazes for a long moment. KI-WOO A lot of symbolism. Such strongpoint of view. YON-KYO Right? Strong. I knew you would getit, Mr. Kevin. Ki-Woo takes a couple of steps back and admires the drawingswith a serious face. KI-WOO I see. It’s an interpretation of achimpanzee. YON-KYO It’s a self-portrait. Awkward. Crickets chirp as Da-Song and Mun-Kwang continue tobattle it out in the background. KI-WOO Of course. Us grown-ups are toojaded to see true genius. 15 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - EVENING 15 YON-KYO That must be why. We’ve gone throughdozens of art teachers. They neverlast more than a month. Of course Da-Song is a bit much to handle. Ki-Woo nods. 22. Yon-Kyo has come to see him out with the dog in her arms. The gate opens. Ki-Woo begins to step out when he stops. KI-WOO Actually... Mrs. Park. YON-KYO Yes? KI-WOO Someone just happened to come to mymind. Her name is-Through Yon-Kyo’s POV, we see the back of Ki-Woo’s head as heseemingly tries to remember. KI-WOO (CONT’D)Girl’s Generation. The girl group.What was her name -- the one who started the jewelry brand? YON-KYO Jessica? KI-WOO Right! Jessica. My cousin has aschool friend named Jessica. I don’t know her Korean name. She studied applied arts at Illinois State andrecently moved back to Korea. YON-KYO Ah, Illinois State. What about her? KI-WOO She also tutors, and she’s known tohave a very unique approach toteaching art. Most of all, she knowshow to handle kids. YON-KYO (interested)Is that so? KI-WOO She’s a bit of a celebrity intutoring circles. Her style is alittle unorthodox, but it still getskids into good art schools. YON-KYO She sounds fantastic. I’m so curious. 23. KI-WOO Would you be interested in meetingher? She’s very busy so I’m not sureif I’ll be able to get anappointment-16 INT. HAIR SALON - DAY 16 KI-JUNG Jessica? (laughs)Why Jessica. So tacky. Ki-Jung is getting her hair done at the neighborhood shop. Ki-Woo is sucking on a popsicle on the sofa behind her. KI-WOO It has a nice ring. Anyhow. She’s anice lady. Young. Not the brightesttool in the shed. The money is good,and most of all, she’s a ‘believer.’ CHUNG-SOOK She’s religious? TRACK BACK TO REVEAL -- Chung-Sook and Ki-Tek sitting next toKi-Jung, also getting their hairs trimmed. KI-WOO No, it’s just-- She tends to trustpeople rather easily. They become thoughtful. Ki-Tek breaks the silence. KI-TEK She sounds like a great lady. KI-WOO Right? CHUNG-SOOK Yeah. The family members all nod. A strange excitement appears ontheir faces. 17 EXT. MANSION - GATE - LATE AFTERNOON 17 Ki-Woo and Ki-Jung both take a deep breath in front of thegate. Ki-Jung looks like a completely new person with short,stylish hair and makeup. 24. Ki-Woo is about to ring the doorbell when Ki-Jung stops him.She suddenly starts clapping a beat with her hands. KI-JUNG (singing)Jessica, only child, ChicagoIllinois / My classmate Jin-Mo iscousin of Kevin She sings her ‘bio’ to the tune of a catchy Korean oldie. Ki-Woo joins. Silly. Ridiculous. But you can sense a realsibling bond. Finally Ki-Woo presses the button, and the DOORBELL ringsthroughout the quiet neighborhood. 18 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - EVENING 18 We find Da-Song at the bottom of the stairs peeking insidethe kitchen where --Yon-Kyo is interviewing Ki-Jung. They talk quietly. Formal.Serious. Ki-Woo sits a few feet away. Da-Hae tiptoes down from second floor and sees Da-Songpeeking. She flicks his forehead and sends him upstairs. She then looks inside the kitchen herself. She focuses on Ki-Jung, scrutinizing, suspicious. KI-WOO I should go upstairs for my lesson.I’ll let you two talk.(to Ki-Jung)Jessica, nice meeting you. Ki-Woo gets up and nods to Ki-Jung. KI-WOO (CONT’D)I’ll see you next time. Ki-Jung also stands up, cordial. KI-JUNG Thank you, Kevin. Da-Hae sees Ki-Woo coming and runs back up the stairs. 19 INT. MANSION - DA-HAE’S ROOM - EVENING 19 Da-Hae hurries back to her desk and pretends to work on herproblems. 25. The door opens, and Ki-Woo enters. He sits next to Da-Hae. KI-WOO Where did we leave off? Number 17? DA-HAE You know-KI-WOO What is it? DA-HAE You know it’s all an act, right? Mybrother. KI-WOO What are you talking about? DA-HAE It’s all fake. Acting all bizarro.Like he’s a crazed artist. He’s a big fraud. KI-WOO Da-Song? DA-HAE You know, like he would stop in themiddle of the street and pretend hewas struck by a sudden inspiration. KI-WOO (laughs)Randomly stare up at the clouds andponder the shapes? Something likethat? DA-HAE Exactly! He’s the worst! And he actslike he can’t behave normal. Like he’s completely perplexed. Makes mewant to puke. KI-WOO So Da-Song is a fraud. What doesthat have to do with your Englishproblems? Dae-Hae pouts when Ki-Woo suddenly returns to tutor mode. DA-HAE I’m just saying. KI-WOO 26. Good. Now those were all greatdescriptions of Da-Song. Why don’twe use them to compose a paragraphin English? You must use the word‘pretend’ at least twice. Ki-Woo, master tutor, skillfully guides the conversation backto the lesson. But Da-Hae still has something on her mind. She puts down her pen. DA-HAE Can I ask you something? KI-WOO What now? DA-HAE The teacher downstairs. Ms. Jessica. Is she really your cousin’s friend? This catches Ki-Woo off guard. He disguises it with a smile. KI-WOO I don’t know what you’re talkingabout. DA-HAE She’s your girlfriend, isn’t she? Ki-Woo relaxes and laughs. He looks at Da-Hae, who is allworried and serious. She’s cute. KI-WOO Come on. I just met her today. DA-HAE (pouting)She’s very pretty. Not eveninterested? KI-WOO She is pretty. A beauty even. DA-HAE I knew it. You are interested. KI-WOO If you were a perfect ten, maybe shewould be a six? Six-point- five? A cheesy line, but Da-Hae smiles, pleased. Suddenly, shegrabs Ki-Woo’s wrist under the desk. She presses it gently, 27. feeling his pulse. A bold, unexpected move on her part. Ki-Woo stares quietly at Da-Hae. Slowly, they grow closer.Lips converge. A soft, gentle kiss held through silence until They hear FOOTSTEPS coming up the stairs. KI-WOO (CONT’D)Let’s study. DA-HAE Right. 20 INT. MANSION - 2ND FLOOR HALLWAY - EVENING 20 Yon-Kyo and Ki-Jung pass Da-Hae’s room and walk toward DaSong’s. Yon-Kyo turns to Ki-Jung, nervous. YON-KYO I should tell you. He’s not good atstaying in one place.(apologetic)I hope you understand-KI-JUNG It’s fine. Ki-Jung has no expression. Nothing fazes her. Yon-Kyohesitates before finally opening the door to reveal -DA-SONG’S ROOM A huge clutter. Covered with Da-Song’s drawings as well aspictures of Native American tribesmen. All kinds of Indian-themed toys. A TEEPEE TENT imported from America. Da-Song is lying on the floor with a toy arrow tucked betweenhis legs. Staring at the ceiling. In his own world. This mayalso be an act. KI-JUNG (CONT’D)Would you mind leaving? YON-KYO Excuse me? KI-JUNG I don’t allow parents to sit induring lessons. Yon-Kyo is surprised. She continues to linger, but Ki-Jung’sstare is unwavering. 28. YON-KYO I just thought, since it’s the firstday-- As you can see, the boy is abit-KI-JUNG You should wait downstairs. Yon-Kyo finally backs down, subdued by Ki-Jung’s authority.She walks out of the room. 21 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - NIGHT 21 TICK TOCK TICK TOCK. Yon-Kyo and Mun-Kwang nibble on nuts as they pass time in thekitchen. The dog licks Yon-Kyo’s face, which is full ofagony, worry, curiosity. Mun-Kwang sees Yon-Kyo’s state -MUN-KWANG Would you like some plum extract? Ican add some honey. It’ll help yourelax. YON-KYO What? Oh. Sure. Mun-Kwang walks down a narrow set of stairs to the -STORAGE BASEMENT Stocked with all kinds of foods, beverages, and otherhousehold necessities. On one side is a cabinet filled with numerous GLASS JARS -- hand-extracted plum, tangerine, andfig concentrates. Mun-Kwang picks up the plum bottle andtwists the tightly locked lid when --Yon-Kyo hurtles down the stairs. YON-KYO (CONT’D)I have an idea! This is what we’ll do! MUN-KWANG What? YON-KYO You’ll take two plum juices to DaSong’s room. You’re not a parent soyou can go in. You’ll just bedelivering the drinks. 29. MUN-KWANG You’re right. I’ll take a quick peekand let you know how they’re doing. YON-KYO Dammit. Why didn’t I think of thisbefore? MOMENTS LATER -Mun-Kwang and Yon-Kyo hurry back up the steps with a cup ofplum extract. They are startled to see -Ki-Jung and Da-Song waiting in the kitchen, already done withtheir lesson. Yon-Kyo tries to hide her surprise. YON-KYO (CONT’D)You guys are... done? Ki-Jung is holding a picture drawn by Da-Song. Da-Song isstanding politely behind her. KI-JUNG Mrs. Park, will you please have aseat? YON-KYO (nervous) Sure. KI-JUNG Da-Song, you go up. Yon-Kyo and Mun-Kwang are stunned to see -Da-Song obediently bowing and heading up the stairs. What?! Ki-Jung hands Yon-Kyo the drawing. KI-JUNG (CONT’D)Da-Song drew this today. Yon-Kyo is scared. She has no idea what’s going on. Ki-Jung clocks Mun-Kwang peeking over Yon-Kyo’s shoulders. KI-JUNG (CONT’D)I’d like to speak to you alone. YON-KYO Oh, this is-30. KI-JUNG Can you please give us a moment? Yon-Kyo’s voice falters at Ki-Jung’s ice-cold demeanor. Mun-Kwang stares hard at Ki-Jung before walking away. KI-JUNG (CONT’D)I mentioned earlier that I’m also studying art therapy. YON-KYO Yes, I remember-KI-JUNG (re: drawing)Did something happen to Da-Song whenhe was in first grade? Yon-Kyo yelps loudly! She quickly covers her mouth. Her handsstart shaking. KI-JUNG (CONT’D)I feel a bit cautious about bringingthis up -- it’s the first day afterall -- but I’ll need to know what happened to Da-Song in order totruly understand him. YON-KYO When he was in first grade-(tearful)I’m sorry. I don’t know if I cantalk about this right now. KI-JUNG It’s fine. We can talk about it later. Ki-Jung puts a finger on the drawing. KI-JUNG (CONT’D)Here. This lower section is what’s called the ‘schizophrenia zone’ inpsychology. It contains clues aboutthe mental state of the child. Do you see this particular shape drawnhere? YON-KYO Yes. Yes, I do. Yon-Kyo suddenly looks up from the drawing and stares at thelarge framed picture on the wall. 31. YON-KYO (CONT’D)My gosh! It’s in the other drawingtoo! Same spot! Ki-Jung looks back at the picture. KI-JUNG Yes. Same spot, same pattern. Yon-Kyo nods fervently. She sobs harder. She feels like ahorrible mother. YON-KYO I see that picture everyday. Everytime I eat. (sobs)I had no idea. KI-JUNG You don’t have to beat yourself up.These drawings are records of DaSong’s emotions. A black box of hissoul. I’d like to try and unlockthat box. But I’ll need time. YON-KYO Of course. Please take as much time as you need. I can wait. KI-JUNG (calm)I suggest four two-hour sessions aweek -- Monday, Tuesday, Thursday,Friday. This is different fromregular tutoring -- it’s art therapy-- so I would need to be compensatedat a higher rate. YON-KYO Of course. I understand. Ki-Jung continues her performance as multi-certified artteacher and therapist Jessica when -We hear a car pull into the garage. Moments later, DONG-IKPARK, 45, Yon-Kyo’s husband and Da-Song’s father, emergesfrom the stairs next to the front entrance. We notice the AUTOMATED MOTION-SENSOR LIGHTS blinking abovethe main entrance as Dong-Ik walks in. YUN, 31, the driver, follows up with Dong-Ik’s things. YON-KYO (CONT’D) 32. Oh--Yon-Kyo wipes her tears. YON-KYO (CONT’D)Dong-Ik. Say hi to Ms. Jessica, DaSong’s new art teacher. She juststarted today.(to Jessica; in English)Jessica, this is Dong-Ik. KI-JUNG (curt)Hello. Dong-Ik looks tired. But even the fatigue adds to hismystique and cool as a high-flying CEO. He shares a briefhandshake with Ki-Jung. DONG-IK Thank you for helping Da-Song.(to Yon-Kyo)Are they done for the day? YON-KYO Yes, they just finished. DONG-IK (to Yun)Sorry Yun, but are you busy tonight?Would you mind taking Ms. Jessicahome? I don’t want her walking downthe hill alone at night. 22 INT. DONG-IK’S CAR - DRIVING - NIGHT 22 Ki-Jung sits quietly in the back. She looks quite natural inthe backseat of the swanky Mercedes. Yun sneaks glances at Ki-Jung through the rearview mirror. YUN Where do you live, Ms. Jessica? Imight as well just drive you home-KI-JUNG It’s fine. Just drop me off atHyehwa Station. Thank you. Ki-Jung’s cold demeanor intrigues Yun instead of putting himoff. He’s attracted. He tries again. YUN 33. Doesn’t matter if it’s far. I’m done for the day-KI-JUNG I’ll get off at Hyehwa. Yun looks out the window. YUN It looks like it’s about to rain. I bet the Mercedes is way better thanthe subway-KI-JUNG (cutting him off)No. I’m supposed to meet myboyfriend at the station. YUN I see. Yun’s smile disappears. He quietly turns the steering wheel. Ki-Jung stares at the back of Yun’s head, thinking. Then -She slowly reaches under her skirt and starts rolling downher underwear! Her eyes twinkle in the dark as she holds the removedunderwear in her hands. 23 INT. BUFFET RESTAURANT - DAY 23 KI-JUNG Did you drive Benzes when you were adesignated driver? KI-TEK Not when I was at the designateddriver service. I drove a lot of them when I was a valet. KI-JUNG When were you a valet? CHUNG-SOOK After the fried chicken and before the Taiwanese Castella. About six months, I’d say? KI-TEK Nah. It was after the Castella shopwent bust. 34. Ki-Tek and family stack food onto their already mountainousplates as they move along the buffet line. They’re at a largebudget restaurant frequented by BUS AND TAXI DRIVERS. Ki-Woo makes sure no one is listening before -KI-WOO We’re already starting Phase Three? KI-JUNG I planted a little trap in theMercedes. We’ll see if he bites. KI-WOO Then it’s begun.(looking around)Father, how amazing is this? We justso happen to be eating at a buffetfor drivers. How symbolic! Ki-Tek doesn’t get it but beams anyway. KI-TEK This place IS amazing! You guys eatas much as you want! CHUNG-SOOK You’re not even buying, you big bum.They are. Ki-Tek is still happy. He’s grown immune to Chung-Sook’sinsults. KI-TEK Here. He puts some of his meat on Ki-Woo’s plate. KI-TEK (CONT’D)Have some of this, Son. KI-WOO Thanks, Dad!(to Ki-Jung)By the way, what did you say to Mrs.Park yesterday? KI-JUNG Why? KI-WOO She was over the moon about you.Saying that you were a godsend. A 35. freaking miracle FedExed fromheaven. KI-JUNG (laughs)I just googled ‘art therapy’ and dida little improv, and she just losther shit. Started crying like ababy. Can’t believe how gullible sheis. 24 INT. DONG-IK’S CAR - DRIVING - NIGHT 24 Dong-Ik is going through some papers in the back when onedrops under the seat. As he reaches down to grab it -He sees a vague WHITE SHAPE beneath the passenger seat. Hepicks it up. A pair of women’s underwear. Ki-Jung’s. Dong-Ik looks disgusted. He stares hard at the back of Yun’shead before putting the underwear in his pocket. 25 INT. MANSION - ENTRANCE - NIGHT 25 Dong-Ik rushes up the garage stairs. He passes the blinkingmotion-sensor lights and stomps toward the -KITCHEN YON-KYO What’s wrong? Something happen? Dong-Ik checks to see if the kids are around. DONG-IK It’s Yun. That son of a bitch. I found this under the car seat. Dong-Ik pulls out the panties from his pocket. Yon-Kyo gasps, shocked. Perhaps more outraged than necessary. DONG-IK (CONT’D)You pay him well, don’t you? Hedoesn’t have money to go to a hotel?Is he saving that money forsomething? YON-KYO Maybe he’s a sexual deviant? Hemight get off on doing it in hisboss’ car. 36. Yon-Kyo sees -- Dong-Ik is in no mood. YON-KYO (CONT’D)I’m sorry, babe. I had no idea thathe was such a perv. DONG-IK I don’t care who or what he screws. That’s his business. I get it. He’s a young guy.(MORE) DONG-IK (CONT’D)But why does he have to do it in mycar? And why in the backseat? That’smy space. Is he trying to mark histerritory? With his dirty cumstains? Son of a bitch crossed the line. Yon-Kyo doesn’t know what to do. Her husband rarely gets thisupset. Dong-Ik calms down and looks at the underwear. DONG-IK (CONT’D)(quiet)You know what’s even weirder? YON-KYO (nervous) What? DONG-IK Don’t you see? Think about it. Yon-Kyo is freaked out of her mind. DONG-IK (CONT’D)So they have sex in the car. It’snot unusual to leave behind a few strands of hair, maybe an earring.But how do you forget yourunderwear? YON-KYO It’s true. You don’t just forget toput on your knickers. DONG-IK That’s why. I’m more concerned byhis -- partner. Her mental state. Doyou know what I mean? 37. Dong-Ik checks the surroundings before whispering somethingin Yon-Kyo’s ear. YON-KYO NOOOO-(turning pale)Like methamphetamine? Cocaine? DONG-IK Shhhh! YON-KYO What do we do? If they find somekind of white powder in your car,we’re all doomed! DONG-IK Calm down, babe. Relax. We don’twant to go too far. Not yet. For nowit’s just a suspicion. A well-founded one. As the Parks continue to fret over the panties, CAMERA BOOMSUP TO REVEAL -Ki-Jung standing on the stairs with her bag, listening to theconversation. DONG-IK (CONT’D)We can’t even take something likethis to the police. And it wouldlook ridiculous if I tried to interrogate him. What would I say?“Yun, did you have sexualintercourse in my car?”(then)That’s why I was thinking-YON-KYO Yes, dear. DONG-IK You have to take care of this. Come up with some kind of bland, harmlessreason. Let him go quietly. Don’teven mention the panties. Or theintercourse. YON-KYO I understand. We don’t want the neighborhood birds gossiping aboutthe Parks’ driver sexing up theboss’ car. 38. DONG-IK Exactly. Our names will forever belinked with his disgusting behavior. Yon-Kyo nods, then thinks. YON-KYO You don’t think Yun would postsomething online, do you? Go on aTwitter vendetta? He could announce to the whole world that he was unfairly fired by a famous tech CEO. DONG-IK We’ll pay him severance. Enough tokeep him quiet. Just choose yourwords carefully when you let him go.Then we’ll be fine. Just then Ki-Jung starts walking down the stairs. Steppingloudly so the Parks can hear. Yon-Kyo leaps out of her seat. Dong-Ik quickly hides theunderwear and puts on an awkward smile. YON-KYO (smiling)Are you guys done? How was Da- Songtoday? 26 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - NIGHT 26 Yon-Kyo and Ki-Jung walk toward the gate. Yon-Kyo sidles upto Ki-Jung, acting friendlier than usual. YON-KYO Ms. Jessica, I wanted to ask. Theother night, when Yun took youhome... KI-JUNG Yes? YON-KYO This may sound weird but-- Didanything happen that night? KI-JUNG No. I went straight home. YON-KYO Good, good.(relieved) 39. That’s good to hear. KI-JUNG Such a nice man. I asked him to dropme off at Hyehwa Station, but hekept insisting that he would take mehome. YON-KYO (raising her voice)So the bastard went to your house?At night? He knows where you live? KI-JUNG No. I just got off at Hyehwa. YON-KYO (sighs)Thank God. You did the right thing.(English)Nice, Jessica. KI-JUNG Did something happen to him? Yon-Kyo opens the gate. YON-KYO He, well-- He won’t be working forus anymore. There was a bit of anincident. You don’t need to know the details. KI-JUNG That’s too bad. He seemed like a nice man. YON-KYO You’re so precious, Ms. Jessica. Soinnocent. You still have a lot to learn about this world. Ki-Jung stifles her laughter as she walks down the steps. Shesees Mun-Kwang walking back home with the Parks’ THREE DOGSin the distance. Yon-Kyo waves at them. YON-KYO (CONT’D)(sighs)We used to like him too. We were excited to have a driver who was young and hip. 40. KI-JUNG I thought most people preferredolder drivers. YON-KYO Yes, it’s true. Older drivers tendto drive more carefully. They’remore sophisticated. KI-JUNG My uncle had a driver who was likethat. Mr. Kim. A real gentleman.Such a kind man. We used to follow him like an uncle. YON-KYO Really? KI-JUNG Yes. He was such a warm and kindhearted person. Unfortunately,my uncle was transferred to Chicagoand had to let Mr. Kim go. I don’tknow what he’s doing these days-YON-KYO I’m very interested in this person,Ms. Jessica. Do you think I couldmeet him? As you can see, it’sbecoming harder and harder for me totrust people. I won’t hire anyoneunless they’re recommended by peopleI absolutely, positively trust. Ijust have a feeling he could be agreat candidate since you grew upwith him and all. Mun-Kwang walks within earshot and hears the conversation.Her curiosity is piqued. The dogs wag their tails and swarm Yon-Kyo. KI-JUNG Would you like to meet him?(English)Are you serious? YON-KYO (English)I am deadly serious.(Korean)I think this is the best way to hirepeople. Through people I trust. It’slike a, what should I call it-41. Yon-Kyo makes a peculiar hand gesture. YON-KYO (CONT’D)‘Belt of Trust.’ As the scene’s THEME MUSIC (titled “The Belt of Trust”)begins to play, we cut to the inside of a -27 INT. MERCEDES 27 Ki-Tek is in the driver seat. We don’t know whose car this is or where we are. He tries buckling the seat belt. Pressesvarious buttons on the instrument panel. Ki-Woo is in the backseat, telling his father to try this andthat. When some people approach, the pair hop out of the carand move onto another one, revealing that -We are inside a large MERCEDES DEALERSHIP in the middle ofGangnam. Ki-Tek and Ki-Woo continue to explore brand new Benzes,sharing quality father and son time. 28 INT. DONG-IK’S COMPANY - CEO OFFICE - DAY 28 An office overlooking Seoul’s soaring skyscrapers. Dong-Ik isin a meeting with his HOD’s. He suddenly looks up at theother side of the glass wall where -Ki-Tek is sitting in a chair, waiting patiently to be seen. DONG-IK (mouthing)Sorry. I’ll. Be. Right. With. You. KI-TEK Don’t worry, sir.(mouthing & gesturing)Take. Your. Time. 29 INT. DONG-IK’S CAR - DRIVING - LATE AFTERNOON 29 DONG-IK This isn’t a test or anything so youdon’t have to be nervous. I justwanted to get out of the office. Iwas dying in there. Ki-Tek is in the driver seat. 42. (”The Belt of Trust” continues under the scene.) KI-TEK I understand. You’re surrounded bypeople all day. I’m sure you wantsome peace in the car. Ki-Tek turns off the car’s navigation. DONG-IK Thank you. You must know your wayaround the city. KI-TEK Every highway, road, and alley southof the DMZ. When you do this for 30years, it becomes second nature. DONG-IK I admire people who work in oneprofession their whole lives. KI-TEK It’s a simple job really. But I takepride in it. Every morning, I go ona journey. With a father, a CEO, orjust a solitary man walking throughlife. It’s a sort of companionship-DONG-IK Ah. KI-TEK That’s how I’ve treated my job forthe past 30 years. How time flies. The words drip with cheese, but somehow they sound heartfeltwhen Ki-Tek says it with his humble stammer. As the MUSIC crests toward a climax -Ki-Tek turns the wheel, making a smooth left turn. DONG-IK Exquisite corner-work. I can feelyour experience. 30 INT. MANSION - STAIRS - NIGHT 30 As MUSIC continues -SLOW MOTION of Ki-Jung gracefully, rhythmically walking downthe stairs. She finds -43. Mun-Kwang dozing off at the dining table. Lightly snoring.Dogs circling her feet. Ki-Jung stares for a long moment. As she walks past thedining room -She SLAPS the wall loudly, shocking Mun-Kwang out of herdaydream. Mun-Kwang acts like she wasn’t sleeping. KI-JUNG (V.O.)She’s an old fox. She acts like she’s Mrs. Park’s sister. 31 INT. MANSION - DA-HAE’S ROOM - NIGHT 31 Mun-Kwang leaves a plate of fruits for Ki-Woo and Da-Hae. Ki-Woo stares at her intently as she walks out. KI-WOO (V.O.)She’s been in the house the longest.Longer than the family. She used towork for the previous owner, thearchitect Namgoong Hyunja, whorecommended her to the Parks when he moved to France. Told them she takes great care of the house and so on-32 INT. PIZZA TIME - DAY 32 CHUNG-SOOK So she survived an ownership change. KI-WOO (nods)It’s a made job. Of course she won’tjust let go. KI-JUNG If we want to extract her, we’llneed to do some prep work. KI-WOO That’s right. We need a plan. Chung-Sook, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung are sitting at the cornertable. We notice the tacky Pizza Time logo everywhere. The Pizza Shop Owner (from Scene 4) begrudgingly brings acombination pizza over to the table. She hates that she hasto serve these losers. 44. CHUNG-SOOK Hey, how about some more hot saucehere? The Owner picks up a hot sauce from the other table and dropsit in front of Chung-Sook. Chung-Sook mouths ‘bitch’ as the Owner walks away. Ki-Woo studies the hot sauce. He picks it up and squirts twodrops on a blank napkin, as if testing something. KI-WOO There’s something that Da-Hae told me. 33 INT. MANSION - DA-HAE’S ROOM - NIGHT 33 DA-HAE I’m so sick of apples. I wantpeaches. KI-WOO Then why don’t you just ask forthem? Da-Hae is griping about the fruit plate Mun-Kwang brought.She picks up an apple slice and lovingly feeds it to Ki-Woo. DA-HAE (pouting)We can’t have peaches. It’s aforbidden fruit in our house. 34 INT. NEIGHBORHOOD STORE - DAY 34 Ki-Jung picks up a PEACH from the fruit section. She holds itin the sunlight and carefully examines the soft fuzzsurrounding it. KI-WOO (V.O.)The housekeeper has a severe peachallergy. If she even goes near apeach, she’ll turn red and starthyperventilating. Full-on asthmaattack. Does everything but killher. 35 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - KITCHEN - DAY 35 45. Using a sharp razor, Ki-Woo meticulously shaves off the fuzzaround the peach. He deposits the fuzz in a transparent pen cap. HAUNTING, NERVE-SCRAPING MUSIC plays underneath. 36 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - LATE AFTERNOON 36 Ki-Woo walks out of the house after another lesson. He bows to Mun-Kwang, who is in the yard handing out treats to thedogs. Ki-Woo takes out his pen as he passes Mun-Kwang. He opens thecap and gently pours peach fuzz over her shoulders. 37 EXT. MANSION - ROAD - NIGHT 37 Ki-Woo has just walked out of the gate when he hears VIOLENTCOUGHING from inside. It’s Mun-Kwang. He casually walks down the hill as the coughing echoesthroughout the neighborhood, creating a discordant harmonywith the MUSIC. 38 INT. HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY 38 Mun-Kwang is on the bench talking on her phone. Still coveredin red spots. She’s unaware that -Ki-Tek is watching her from several feet away. He takes outhis phone and snaps a selfie, making sure to include Mun-Kwang in the background. MUN-KWANG (into her phone)It was the worst one I ever had. I was sure I was going to die. No. I’mtelling you. No peaches for miles.That’s what I’m saying. It’s drivingme nuts! 39 INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - UNDERGROUND GARAGE - DAY 39 Yon-Kyo carries a bunch of shopping bags out of thedepartment store. Ki-Tek is waiting at the Mercedes. He opens the trunk andputs Yon-Kyo’s bags in. When he’s done, he continues tolinger. He hesitates before taking out his phone. 46. KI-TEK Mrs. Park. I, um, I didn’t know ifthis was worth mentioning, but Iwanted to make sure. He shows Yon-Kyo a photo on his phone. KI-TEK (CONT’D)This person behind me. Is that-YON-KYO What-- Hey, that’s Mun-Kwang! KI-TEK So it was her. I didn’t quiteremember her face. I’d only seen hera couple of times when I went up tothe house. YON-KYO Where is this from? Is that a hospital? KI-TEK Yes. I was at the hospital the otherday for an annual check-up. I wastaking a selfie to send my wife whenI saw her behind me. Yon-Kyo looks closely at the picture. YON-KYO Looks like she’s talking on thephone. KI-TEK Yes, see-- I didn’t mean to, but Iended up overhearing-40 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY - FLASHBACK 40 KI-TEK (stammering)I, uh, didn’t mean to eavesdrop, butI happened to be right there, andunfortunately, uh, overheardeverything-KI-WOO Cut, stop right there. Dad, you’reoverdoing it. The worrying thing.Tone it down. I can tell you’reacting. 47. Ki-Tek rehearses his ‘scene,’ holding a piece of paper withhis lines. KI-WOO (CONT’D)Action! 41 INT. MERCEDES - DRIVING - DAY 41 KI-TEK I really didn’t mean to. I was rightthere, and I just happened tooverhear. YON-KYO (interested)What did you hear? Ki-Tek looks at Yon-Kyo through the rearview mirror. He takesa hesitant beat before opening his mouth. KI-TEK I don’t know if I should say-42 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY - FLASHBACK 42 KI-WOO (acting)I heard her say that she was -diagnosed with tuberculosis! 43 INT. MERCEDES - DRIVING - DAY 43 YON-KYO (stunned)Tuberculosis! Are you sure? KI-TEK What was it-- “Active pulmonarytuberculosis.” She was talking onthe phone, and she seemed veryupset. Like she was angry atherself. 44 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY - FLASHBACK 44 KI-WOO (female voice)I didn’t even know tuberculosis was still a thing. 48. 45 INT. MERCEDES - DRIVING - DAY 45 YON-KYO I didn’t even know tuberculosis was still a thing. KI-TEK Neither did I. I remember years agowe used to buy those seals forChristmas, but I thought it was allover. You should look it up. Koreastill has the highest tuberculosisrate among OECD countries. YON-KYO I can’t believe that Mun-Kwang-(emotional)How could she not tell me? I can’t-KI-TEK I wasn’t sure if I should sayanything, but I felt like you shouldknow. I mean, she was just goingabout her business like everythingwas normal. There are young childrenin the house. Da- Song is only ten.And this woman, with hertuberculosis, is in the kitchenmaking food and touching the dishes-Stop! YON-KYO Yon-Kyo goes into a shrieking fit. YON-KYO (CONT’D)Please! No more! 46 INT. MANSION - DA-SONG’S ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 46 The art lesson is in progress. Ki-Jung has Da-Song in herlap. She touches Da-Song’s face with her cheek as she looksat his drawing. Ki-Jung’s cell phone DINGS. It’s a text from Ki-Tek -“ETA 3 min. Get ready.” 47 INT. MANSION - STAIRS - LATE AFTERNOON 47 49. SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC builds as Ki-Jung descends the stairs. Whenshe removes her hand from her pocket, we see that it’scovered in soft PEACH FUZZ. The fuzz glistens in theafternoon sunlight as Ki-Jung walks down to the -KITCHEN Where she opens the fridge and removes a bottle of water. Mun-Kwang comes over and hands her a glass. As Ki-Jung takesthe glass, she casually wipes the peach fuzz on Mun-Kwang’shand. 48 INT. MANSION - GARAGE - LATE AFTERNOON 48 Our first time inside the garage. Ki-Tek carries the manyshopping bags up the stairs. Yon-Kyo follows when -She hears VIOLENT COUGHING coming from upstairs. 49 INT. MANSION - ENTRANCE - LATE AFTERNOON 49 Yon-Kyo is appalled to see -Mun-Kwang coughing like a sick dog as she comes out to greether and Ki-Tek. Mun-Kwang tries to take the bags from Ki-Tek,but the coughing becomes unbearable, and she runs to the -KITCHEN She tries to stifle her cough with a napkin. No use. Shethrows the napkin in the trash and rushes to the bathroom. Yon-Kyo is horrified. It’s like watching Ebola spread infront of her eyes. Ki-Tek just stands there, staring quietly at the discardednapkin in the kitchen. 50 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - LIVING ROOM - EVENING - FLASHBACK 50 KI-WOO If you find an opportunity -- do it.Just like we practiced. It’ll be thecherry on top. 51 INT. MANSION - ENTRANCE - LATE AFTERNOON 51 Ki-Tek leaves Yon-Kyo behind and walks over to the kitchen.He removes his hand from his pocket and reaches into the 50. trash can, at which point we cut to -A PIZZA TIME HOT SAUCE PACKET hidden in Ki-Tek’s palm. Ki-Tek quickly squirts the red sauce on the napkin. KI-WOO (V.O.)Our bloody finale. A terrified Yon-Kyo watches as Ki-Tek removes the ‘bloody’napkin from the trash. Ki-Tek grimly holds it up in front ofher. Yon-Kyo becomes dizzy. She closes her eyes to keep herselffrom fainting. The MUSIC that continued through the last several scenes -“The Belt of Trust” -- comes to a dramatic end. 52 INT. MANSION - STAIRS - LATE AFTERNOON 52 No more music. The house is quiet. We see a text from Yon-Kyo on Ki-Tek’s phone -“2nd floor sauna. Make sure she doesn’t see you.“ Ki-Tek looks around before quietly treading up the stairs. 53 INT. MANSION - SAUNA - LATE AFTERNOON 53 A small, phone-booth-sized sauna situated at the end of thehallway between the dressing room and bathroom. As soon as Ki-Tek walks in, Yon-Kyo shuts the door and pullsdown the roller shades. They are now inches away from eachother in the tight space. Light seeps in from outside,illuminating Yon-Kyo’s bloodshot eyes and smeared makeup. YON-KYO Mr. Kim, you have to promise youwon’t tell my husband. KI-TEK Of course. YON-KYO He can’t find out that I’ve been keeping that walking lung diseasearound the kids this whole time. He’ll kill me. 51. KI-TEK Don’t worry, Mrs. Park.(then)I don’t want to step out of line,but I had a request as well. See, Ihave nothing personal against thehousekeeper.(whispering)I only acted out of a moralobligation to protect the health andsafety of the public. I wouldn’twant Mr. Park to think that I’m some kind of tattletale-YON-KYO (cutting him off)Don’t worry. I’m not even going tomention the tuberculosis to Mun-Kwang. I’ll come up with acompletely unrelated reason. Let hergo quietly. KI-TEK I see. YON-KYO (sighs)It’s the best way. I’ve done itbefore. KI-TEK Well, I trust your judgment. Ki-Tek puts out his hand, as if he wants to officialize theirtop-secret deal. They are sharing the most awkward handshake in the world whenYon-Kyo suddenly cringes. YON-KYO Did you wash your hands, Mr. Kim? 54 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - BACKYARD - LATE EVENING 54 The backyard seen through kitchen windows. Strong winds shakethe trees. A storm is on route. Yon-Kyo is seated at the patio table with Mun-Kwang. Her faceis cold as she calmly explains something to her soon-to-beformer housekeeper. Mun-Kwang’s face gradually turns dark. 52. 55 EXT. MANSION - ROAD - LATE EVENING 55 Mun-Kwang carries a large bag down the hill. Still indisbelief. Devastated. Her hair dances wildly in the roughwind. The sky is getting darker. Mun-Kwang keeps looking back at the house as she walks away.She stops and stares at the firmly closed gate for a longtime. 56 INT. MERCEDES - DRIVING - NIGHT 56 It’s raining outside. DONG-IK Mr. Kim, do you know a place where Ican get some good short ribs?Somewhere not too far. KI-TEK Of course. Ki-Tek turns the wheel and switches lanes. KI-TEK (CONT’D)You’ll be eating out tonight? DONG-IK Yes. I suddenly had a craving forjuicy short ribs. Since I can’t havethem at home now. Ki-Tek makes an effortless U-turn across the large, eight-lane road. The raindrops on the window swerve diagonally. DONG-IK (CONT’D)(smiles)Our housekeeper used to make thebest short ribs. KI-TEK You mean the lady who just quityesterday? DONG-IK She was with us for a long time. Idon’t know why she suddenly left.Mrs. Park wouldn’t even tell me. I mean, there’s no shortage ofhousekeepers looking for work so Iguess we can just hire another one.But it’s a real pity. She was agreat lady. 53. KI-TEK I see. DONG-IK She took care of all the little things in the house. And she was atremendous cook. Most importantly,she never crossed the line. If there’s one thing I hate, it’speople who cross the line. Well, Iguess she did have one flaw.(laughs)She was a big eater. Ate twice asmuch as other people. But I supposeshe worked twice as hard to make upfor that. KI-TEK I guess Mrs. Park will need to finda new housekeeper soon. DONG-IK (nods)Or the house will descend into chaos. I guarantee she won’t be ableto survive a week without one. Shambles, I tell you. My clotheswill start smelling-(laughs)Mrs. Park definitely wins the worsthomemaker award. Doesn’t know her way around a vacuum, and her cookingis just -- abysmal! KI-TEK But... you still love her, don’tyou? Ki-Tek’s suddenly serious comment catches Dong-Ik off guard.Silence. Then Dong-Ik starts laughing. Hard. DONG-IK Of course I love her! I don’t know what else you’d call this. KI-TEK Then maybe you should look at this-Ki-Tek removes a business card from his pocket and hands itto Dong-Ik. On beautiful ivory-colored stock, only the name, “The Care,”is printed in elegant typography. No number. No address. 54. DONG-IK The Care? What is this? KI-TEK I just found out about them recentlytoo. It’s a membership- based totalcare company. Catering to familiesof VIP’s like yourself. They providemaids, in- home caregivers, alsodrivers like myself. From what Ihear, they select only the best. Themost experienced workers. DONG-IK Looks very nice. Dong-Ik flips the card to the other side. DONG-IK (CONT’D)The design is gorgeous. How did youlearn about this company, Mr. Kim? KI-TEK They called me about working forthem. I guess I’m one of the moreexperienced drivers around, so theywanted to recruit me. I turned them down because I was already scheduledto meet you. DONG-IK I see. (nods)Well, I’m honored that you chose meover such a reputable company. I amforever grateful, Mr. Kim! Dong-Ik laughs. KI-TEK (laughs)You’re being ridiculous, sir. They’re laughing, but there’s a subtle underlying tensionbetween the two men. There’s still a ‘line’ that Dong-Ikwon’t cross. He suddenly drops his smile. DONG-IK Well, then. I guess I’ll just givethis to Mrs. Park. KI-TEK Yes, you should. But don’t say Igave it to you. 55. (smiles)You should tell her that you lookedit up yourself. DONG-IK (laughs)Good idea! That’s sure to earn me some points. Thank you, Mr. Kim. KI-TEK They’re membership-only, so I don’tthink they have a website oranything. There’s a consultationnumber in the back-57 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - MORNING 57 RING RING RING. Ki-Jung picks up an OLD FLIP PHONE with “TheCare” business card taped on front. She sounds like a completely different person. Sweet.Welcoming. KI-JUNG (into the phone)Thank you for calling The Care. Thisis senior advisor Yeo Myung- Sun.How may I help you? Chung-Sook and Ki-Tek watch Ki-Jung as they eat breakfast. CHUNG-SOOK She could have won an Oscar if she became an actress. KI-TEK She has a nice voice, doesn’t she?Just like me. 58 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - MORNING 58 Yon-Kyo has the phone on speaker. She has disposable kitchengloves on and is generally floundering in the kitchen,overloading the dishwasher and sterilizing the ‘disease-ridden’ pots and pans in an oversized steamer. YON-KYO (into the phone)I heard I need to sign up for amembership. KI-JUNG (PHONE) 56. That’s correct. We are a membership-only service. If you aren’tcurrently a member I can guide youthrough the steps to become one. YON-KYO (into the phone)Sure, okay. KI-JUNG (PHONE)Do you have a pen? I can give youthe list of forms you need tosubmit. 59 EXT. MANSION - BACKYARD - LATE AFTERNOON 59 A fully transformed Chung-Sook sits at the white patio tablewith Yon-Kyo. Classy hairstyle. Tasteful makeup. Yon-Kyo goes through Chung-Sook’s papers, especially focusingon her doctor’s note. Just then a WHITE BUTTERFLY flits by Chung-Sook’s face, itswings playfully bouncing off the bright summer light. Over the idyllic scene, a beautiful ARIA begins to flow-60 INT. MANSION - VARIOUS - EVENING 60 As MUSIC continues -STEADICAM SHOT -- We glide up the stairs, first followingChung-Sook’s feet then rising up to shoulder height, trackingher from behind as she walks down the second floor hallway.She opens the door to -DA-HAE’S ROOM We follow Chung-Sook as she walks in and sets down a plate offruits in front of Da-Hae and Ki-Woo. DA-HAE Yay! Peaches! CHUNG-SOOK Please have some too, Mr. Kevin. KI-WOO Thank you, ma’am. Chung-Sook pinches Ki-Woo’s earlobe while Da-Hae is notlooking. Ki-Woo nearly jumps. Chung-Sook just smiles and 57. walks out of the room. We continue to follow her as she padsdown the hall and enters -DA-SONG’S ROOM Where we see the TEEPEE in the corner. The flap opens and Ki-Jung peeks out to see who it is. Da-Song is tightly cuddledup between her arms drawing a picture. He looks at Chung-Sook, embarrassed. KI-JUNG Next time just knock and leave thefood outside. CHUNG-SOOK Sorry-KI-JUNG Please don’t come in during thelesson. Chung-Sook scoffs. She mouths ‘JUST EAT THE DAMN PEACHES’ asshe hands over the plate. She looks around at the drawings inthe room. Not impressed. She steps out into the -HALLWAY We hear DONG-IK arriving downstairs. Da-Song hears it too. Hebolts out of the room and flies past Chung-Sook toward the -DINING ROOM DA-SONG Daddy! Did you get the walkie? YON-KYO Da-Song! Lesson’s not over yet! DONG-IK This guy. That’s all you thinkabout, isn’t it? Camping. Dong-Ik picks up Da-Song and holds him tightly. CAMERA CIRCLES AROUND THEM and shows -Ki-Tek emerging from the garage with a bunch of boxes. Brandnew camping supplies. On top is a WALKIE-TALKIE box. DA-SONG Wow! T-667! Dope! YON-KYO 58. What’s all this stuff? We justbought camping gear last year. DONG-IK These are different. Might as wellcomplete the collection. Da-Song has already opened the walkie-talkie box. He alsogoes through the other items -- CAMPFIRE SUPPLIES, AN AXE FORCHOPPING FIREWOOD... As Ki-Tek walks out, he quickly feels up Chung-Sook’s behind.Chung-Sook giggles to herself as she goes to the kitchensink. The long STEADICAM SHOT is about to come to a glorious endafter showing the semi-basement’s family complete andsuccessful infiltration of the Park mansion. Wait. Not yet-Da-Song suddenly starts sniffing the air. He runs over toChung-Sook and shoves his nose in her belly, startling hergreatly. Da-Song then darts over to Ki-Tek and shoves his nose in hispant leg. YON-KYO Da-Song! What’s wrong with you? DA-SONG Same smell. They smell exactly thesame! Ki-Tek and Chung-Sook freeze. Yon-Kyo, embarrassed, roughly pushes Da-Song away. YON-KYO Stop talking nonsense and go up toyour room. Ms. Jessica is waiting. DA-SONG That’s weird. Ms. Jessica has the same smell. Dong-Ik laughs awkwardly. DONG-IK (to Ki-Tek)He’s a little out there. They all laugh, but no one is laughing inside. 59. 61 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - NIGHT 61 The table teems with food. We notice the viewing stonedisplayed prominently in the middle. An interestingdecorating choice. Ki-Tek is cooking ribs and mushrooms on an electric skilletwhen he suddenly smells his clothes. KI-TEK He scared me, the little punk. Doesthis mean we all have to use different soaps? KI-WOO Maybe we should all wash our clotheswith different detergent. Differentfabric softeners too. CHUNG-SOOK You mean I have to wash all of yourclothes separately? Fuck no. KI-JUNG (expressionless)It won’t work. It’s the basement smell. Ki-Woo is blank. KI-JUNG (CONT’D)The smell won’t go away unless weleave this place. Truth bomb. They all fall silent at the brutal reality check,and for a while we only hear the sizzling of the grill. Ki-Tek picks up his Sapporo and tries to change the subject. KI-TEK Forget about that. This is a goodproblem to have. Think about ourlives before. It’s a dog-eat-dogworld out there. Hundreds of collegegraduates compete for a securityguard job for Chrissake.(emotional)Not us. We are all gainfullyemployed. KI-WOO You’re right, Father. Cheers! KI-TEK 60. Sure we may not be getting six-figure salaries, but it’s no smallamount if you combine our wages. TheParks are investing a great part oftheir fortune in our family. So letus give thanks to Mr. Park, ourgenerous employer. A great man. Andhow can I forget Min-Hyuk! How luckythat our son is friends with such a thoughtful young man. It’s allbecause of him that-- FUCK! Do theyalways have to ruin the moment? The family members all turn toward -The window, which is being rattled by a robust stream ofurine. A SHORT, BARELY STANDING DRUNK MAN is relievinghimself in the corner. KI-WOO That mother-Ki-woo jumps up. He grabs the viewing stone from the tableand walks toward the door. Ki-Tek, worried, quickly runs after him. KI-JUNG (scoffs)Oh, no. Here comes the rage machine. CHUNG-SOOK Why’s he acting tough all of asudden? Is he trying to killsomeone? Ki-Tek catches up to Ki-Woo and wrests the stone from hishands. Ki-Woo picks up an umbrella instead. He runs out. Ki-Jung lights up. This is going to be fun. She opens theHIGH-SPEED PHOTOGRAPHY APP on her phone and starts filming.We see the following sequence through the app, in slow motion Ki-Woo appears outside the window and starts swinging theumbrella wildly at the Short Man, who sprays urine everywhereas he falls. Ki-Tek runs out with a bucket of water. He throws the water at the Short Man but momentarily loses balance and splashesKi-Woo instead. 61. Ki-Jung laughs. This is gold. Chung-Sook has no interest. She continues grilling meat,happy to finish the food by herself. UNSETTLING MUSIC plays over the wild, primal thrashing of thethree men. The violent, rage-fueled dance DISSOLVES TO -62 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - DAY 62 The garden is sun-drenched. Da-Song looks up at the skythrough a piece of soot-covered glass, an improvised sun-viewer. He has a bow and axe strapped to his back. He pushes the button on his walkie-talkie. DA-SONG (into the radio)The sky is mostly clear. Some cloudsvisible, but no rain clouds. Over. 63 INT. MANSION - DINING ROOM 63 DONG-IK (into the radio)Copy that. I’m here in the kitchen,and Da-Hae has been infected with a serious case of ‘duck lips.’ If shekeeps pouting like that she mightactually turn into a duck! She lookspissed, over. Dong-Ik giggles as he teases Da-Hae, who looks completelymiserable in her camping outfit. YON-KYO What’s with the face? Let’s all tryto have a good time. DA-HAE Can’t I just stay home and studywith Kevin? YON-KYO I know you hate camping, but it’sDa-Song’s birthday. And you’re hissister. Come on. It won’t be so bad. We’ll build a fire. Sing happybirthday at midnight. Blow outcandles under the stars. It’ll be wonderful. 62. Chung-Sook brings up a tent bag and a guitar case from thestorage basement. Da-Hae gives up and puts on her large bluetooth headphones,shutting out reality. Yon-Kyo takes Chung-Sook to the living room where the threedogs are. YON-KYO (CONT’D)I’m sure you know all of their namesby now.(from left to right)Berry, Junie, Foofoo. CHUNG-SOOK Of course. Berry and Junie only eatNatural Balance Organic. Yon-Kyo emphasizes by pointing at each of the dog’s foods inthe care basket. YON-KYO Yes. And Foofoo also needs this --Kamaboko. Japanese crab cake. 64 INT. MANSION - GARAGE - DAY 64 YON-KYO And don’t hold the leash too short when you’re walking Junie. He needsto burn off that energy. It’s easyif you think of him as the canineversion of Da-Song. CHUNG-SOOK Don’t worry! Yon-Kyo is sitting in the driver seat, endlessly rattling offinstructions until -The garage door goes all the way up, and the Mercedes startsrolling out. Da-Song pretends to shoot an arrow from the backseat, andChung-Sook grabs her chest like she was shot. Moments later she’s finally alone. She presses the button.Her face gradually immerses in darkness as the shutter goesdown. 65 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - EVENING 65 63. Chung-Sook is taking a peaceful nap on the large sofa. Wehear her soft breathing. Slanted late afternoon rays wrap herface warmly. She slowly wakes up and wipes her drool. When she sits up, wesee Ki-Tek sleeping behind her. Chung-Sook looks out at thegarden where -Ki-Woo is lying in the grass with the three dogs. Looking atthe sky. We notice a YELLOW JOURNAL clutched in his hand. CHUNG-SOOK What are you doing out there? Comeinside. Ki-Woo takes a deep breath as he gazes up at the sky. He’snever been more relaxed. KI-WOO You should try it. It’s nice to beable to see the sky from your ownhome. He picks himself up and walks into the living room. Hestretches his arms as he walks over to the kitchen. KI-WOO (CONT’D)Water, Mom? CHUNG-SOOK Sure. Ki-Woo gets a few bottles of Evian from the fridge. He givesone to Chung-Sook before heading up the stairs. A groggy Ki-Tek gets up from the sofa and trudges over to acabinet in the corner. A variety of whiskeys are on display. 66 INT. MANSION - 2ND FLOOR BATHROOM - EVENING 66 Ki-Jung is taking a bubble bath. She picks up the remote andchanges the channel on the wall-mounted TV when -A KNOCK. KI-WOO (O.S.)You want a water? KI-JUNG Read my mind. Thanks, brodie. The door opens a crack, and Ki-Woo rolls a bottle toward Ki-Jung. He then continues on to -64. 67 INT. MANSION - DA-HAE’S ROOM - EVENING 67 Ki-Woo throws himself on Da-Hae’s bed. He reaches into the space between the bed and the wall and finds a PRETTY WOODENBOX hidden there. Da-Hae’s box of secrets. It has a small combination lock on the front. Ki-Woo unlocks the box and puts in the yellow journal he wasreading. He then takes out ANOTHER YELLOW JOURNAL and opensit. Pages filled with Da-Hae’s small, thoughtful handwriting. 68 INT. MANSION - SAUNA - EVENING 68 Ki-Tek sits with a white towel across his lap, sweating itout in the steam-filled room. He guzzles down a cold bottleof Evian. Refreshing. He turns the HOURGLASS upside down. The sound of myriad sand grains rolling down the glass turnsinto -- THE SOUND OF RAIN. 69 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 69 The large coffee table is filled with various whiskey bottlesand gourmet snacks. The four family members are comfortablysprawled across the couch and floor. It’s like they own theplace. They sip whiskey and watch rain falling outside the window. KI-TEK This is classy. Sipping whiskey on arainy day. Enjoying the view. Ki-Tek takes several bottles and pours a little of each intohis tumbler. CHUNG-SOOK What the hell are you doing? Why areyou mixing all the booze? KI-TEK This way Mr. Park won’t notice.It’ll be too obvious if we drink from only one bottle. CHUNG-SOOK Nice to see you use that brain for once. 65. Berry comes over to Chung-Sook wagging her tail, but Chung-Sook kicks her away. Chung-Sook is already drunk. Her face isbright red. KI-JUNG But you always get shitfaced whenyou mix your drinks, Dad. KI-TEK (smiles)Ki-Jung, that’s no way to talk toyour father. “Shitfaced.” No. Notyou too. KI-WOO Let me pour you a shot, Father. Ki-Woo tries to lighten the mood. He looks out the window ashe pours a shot with both hands. KI-WOO (CONT’D)It’s probably raining at thecampsite too. They must be having amagical time. Da-Hae and her family.Raindrops pattering the tent.Playing the guitar... CHUNG-SOOK By the way. What’s that yellownotebook you’ve been carrying? KI-WOO This? Ki-Woo picks up the yellow journal. KI-WOO (CONT’D)Da-Hae’s diary. KI-JUNG Oh, my God. Why are you readingthat? KI-WOO I just want to understand her on adeeper level. KI-JUNG Disgusting. You two going out orsomething? KI-WOO (nods) 66. It’s serious. She likes me too. I’m going to officially ask her out whenshe goes to college. For real. They all stare at Ki-Woo. He must be shitting them. But he’snot. Ki-Tek slaps Ki-Woo’s shoulder. KI-TEK That’s my boy! That means this isyour future wife’s house! The Parkswill be your in-laws! KI-WOO (laughs)I guess that’s true. Chung-Sook joins the laughter. CHUNG-SOOK You mean I’m fucking washing dishesfor my future in-laws? KI-TEK Hilarious! You’re washing yourfuture in-law’s tighty-whities! Yourdaughter-in-law’s school socks! Ki-Tek pretends to wash a sock, laughing hysterically, whenhe suddenly feels Chung-Sook’s murderous glare. He slowlystops. Chung-Sook downs her whiskey and turns serious. She calmlyturns to Ki-Woo. CHUNG-SOOK I like that girl. She’s nice.Pretty. But not full of herself. KI-WOO Well, as long as we’re getting aheadof ourselves -- If you think aboutit, nowadays people barely see theirin-laws anyway. How many times doyou think families see each otherafter their kids get married? KI-JUNG (scoffs)Crazy fuck. KI-WOO 67. You hear about people hiring actorsto stand in for their parents atweddings. We’ll do the same thing. Alot of TV extras do that kind of work. Ki-Woo points at Ki-Jung. KI-WOO (CONT’D)She did too. Got paid to be one ofthe bride’s guests. She went to abunch of weddings last year. KI-JUNG I even caught a bouquet once. Firsttime I ever saw the bitch. They payten bucks extra for the bouquet. CHUNG-SOOK (laughs)That’s how you became such a goodactress! Good times continue as whiskey flows. Jokes and laughterabound. KI-TEK Sure the acting was good, but I wassurprised that the family was soeasy to trick. CHUNG-SOOK Especially the missus. Not thesharpest knife in the drawer. Iguess we should be thankful forthat-KI-TEK Yes, she’s so innocent. And kind. Arich person who’s also kindhearted. Chung-Sook stops mid-sip and stares at Ki-Tek. CHUNG-SOOK Not “also kindhearted.” She’s kindhearted because she’s rich. You get it? Ki-Tek doesn’t. Chung-Sook looks around -CHUNG-SOOK (CONT’D)If I had all this, my heart would beoverflowing with kindness! 68. Chung-Sook’s voice grows. She gulps downs another glass. KI-TEK That’s true. Your mother has a point. Rich people are more naive.They don’t have a bitter bone inthem. And the kids are happier. Nowiseasses. CHUNG-SOOK It’s the money! Money cures all thelittle wiseasses! Ki-Jung slowly grows irritated as her parents go on and onabout rich people. She tosses back her whiskey. KI-TEK Ki-Woo. That guy. What was his name?Yun? The old driver. KI-WOO Yes. Mr. Yun. KI-TEK He’s probably doing fine, right? I’msure he got a new job. KI-WOO Of course. He’s young. Healthy.Plenty of opportunities. KI-TEK Yeah, I’m sure he got an even betterjob. Ki-Jung SLAMS down her glass and yells at her family -KI-JUNG SHUT THE FUCK UP! KI-WOO What the hell’s wrong with you? KI-JUNG Fuck rich people! Just worry aboutyour own goddamn family! Ki-Jung looks like she’s about to cry. We’ve never seen herlike this before. Vulnerable. Like a hurt child. KI-JUNG (CONT’D)Dad, please. Stop worrying aboutother people. Look at me. Us. Yourson and daughter. We’re right here! 69. Almost at the exact moment as Ki-Jung’s soulful outburst,like a timed effect, LIGHTNING AND THUNDER strike outside thewindow. Followed by heavy rain. Ki-Tek looks out the window. KI-TEK (laughing)Did you see that! Right on cue! KI-WOO (imitating Ki-Jung)“Dad, we’re right here!” POW!Thunder and lightning! Awesome. Ki-Woo tries to console Ki-Jung. He brushes her hair andtalks in a brotherly voice. KI-WOO (CONT’D)Come on now, Jessica. Let’s drink.Cheers! Ki-Woo clinks his glass against Ki-Jung’s. KI-WOO (CONT’D)You know, Ki-Jung, when I saw youupstairs in the bathroom-- Youlooked so-KI-JUNG What? I looked so what? KI-WOO You just looked so natural in thatbathtub. This house. It suits you.You’re not like us. KI-JUNG (smiles)Fuck off. KI-WOO (to Ki-Tek)It’s true, Dad. She was in the tubwatching TV, taking a fancy bubblebath, and it just felt like shebelonged here. KI-TEK Is that right? Ki-Woo becomes more animated at Ki-Tek’s exaggeratedreaction. He opens his arms wide and looks around at theliving room. 70. KI-WOO Imagine for a second that this isour house. Let’s say we live here.Which room would you like to have?Out of all the beautiful rooms designed by the great NamgoongHyunja, which one would you want tobe yours? KI-JUNG I don’t know. Buy me the fuckinghouse first and I’ll think about it. KI-TEK We’re ‘living’ here right now,aren’t we? We’re here in the livingroom, drinking and having a goodtime, just like we would if this wasour place. KI-WOO That’s true. We ARE currently livinghere. For all intents and purposes. KI-TEK This IS our house right now.(burps)Nice and cozy. Chung-Sook, face bulging red, flashes a dirty grin. CHUNG-SOOK You’re cozy, huh? That’s real nice.What if Park comes back right now?(to Ki-Jung)He would skitter away like a littlecockroach. Chung-Sook laughs loudly at her own joke. Ki-Tek is quiet. CHUNG-SOOK (CONT’D)(snickering)You kids know what I’m talkingabout, right? Our apartment. Howwhen we turn on the kitchen lights,the roaches all run away anddisappear under the cabinets. Hewould be exactly like that! Ki-Tek stares hard at Chung-Sook, who continues to howl. KiTek’s eyes are red. Hostile. This is a different Ki-Tek. KI-TEK (mumbling) 71. Fucking bitch. You’ve gone too farthis time. Chung-Sook is silent. KI-TEK (CONT’D)What? I’m a cockroach? CRASH! Ki-Tek sweeps the table and knocks over the bottlesand plates. Ki-Woo and Ki-Jung are stunned. Chung-Sook is absolutely still. She glowers at Ki-Tek, whounlike before doesn’t back down. He stares right back,tension growing, when -His face starts cracking. He begins to snicker. Chung-Sook does too. They both burst into laughter. KI-TEK (CONT’D)I got you! I totally got you! The two continue to laugh their asses off. Ki-Tek seemsespecially pleased with his performance. He slaps Ki-Woo onthe shoulder. KI-TEK (CONT’D)How was that, Spielberg? Prettyrealistic right? You like my actingnow? KI-WOO Wow, Dad! You totally got me. Ki-Jung laughs, relieved. KI-JUNG (to Ki-Tek)Shit. You’re going to clean this up,right? CHUNG-SOOK (laughing)I didn’t believe him for one second. KI-WOO Really? I thought he was reallygoing to kill you. CHUNG-SOOK He could never do that. Your father hasn’t a single backbone in his 72. body. The epitome of a spineless mo-They are all laughing uproariously when -The DOORBELL rings loudly throughout the house. They all freeze and look at each other. Who the hell couldthat be? The doorbell continues to ring. KI-WOO Who could it be at this time? KI-TEK What do you think it is? Chung-Sook scurries over to the gate monitor. She sees -A familiar round face filling the screen. It’s MUN-KWANG.She’s standing in the rain dressed in all black. CHUNG-SOOK What the-KI-WOO Why is she here? CHUNG-SOOK It’s her, right? The oldhousekeeper. KI-JUNG (nods)Why do you think she’s here? Mun-Kwang presses the doorbell again and again. It ringsloudly throughout the neighborhood. This could go on for awhile. KI-TEK What’s she doing? Why doesn’t shejust leave? KI-JUNG It’s so loud. She could go on allnight-CHUNG-SOOK (cutting her off)Hold on. I’m supposed to be here. I can answer. Before Ki-Woo can stop her, Chung-Sook presses the ‘speak’button. 73. CHUNG-SOOK (CONT’D)Who is it? MUN-KWANG (SPEAKER)Hi, how are you? I’m-- Mrs. Parkisn’t in, right? Mun-Kwang’s speech is slightly slurred. She’s had a drink ortwo herself. MUN-KWANG (SPEAKER) (CONT’D)I used to work here. For ma--ny manyyears. The monitor you’re lookingat. There’s a picture above it,right? Berry, Junie, Foofoo -- fromleft to right. CHUNG-SOOK That’s all fine, but how can I helpyou? It’s very late. MUN-KWANG (SPEAKER)You’re my replacement, aren’t you! Mun-Kwang laughs. Sad, drunk laughter. Chung-Sook remains onguard. Mun-Kwang suddenly turns serious. MUN-KWANG (SPEAKER) (CONT’D)I’m so sorry to bother you at thishour. There’s something in thebasement that I left behind, and Iwas wondering if I could pick it up.I was fired without any notice so Ididn’t have time to gather all mythings. Chung-Sook looks at Ki-Woo. What do we do? Ki-Woo has noidea. KI-WOO This wasn’t in our plan. 70 INT. MANSION - ENTRANCE - NIGHT 70 Chung-Sook opens the door to reveal Mun-Kwang standing in therain. She looks grotesque with one eye heavily swollen. Herface is eerily and intermittently illuminated by the motion-sensor light. 71 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 71 74. Mun-Kwang drips water as she walks over to the kitchen. Theliving room is not fully visible from her vantage point. Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung remain in the dark around thecoffee table, listening to Chung-Sook and Mun-Kwang’sconversation. MUN-KWANG I’m sorry for the intrusion. Thankyou so much for letting me in. She looks over at the kitchen sink. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)The faucet drips if you turn it that way. Mun-Kwang continues to drone on deliriously. We don’t know ifshe’s just drunk or crazy. CHUNG-SOOK The faucet’s fine. What do you needto pick up? MUN-KWANG Would you like to come down with me? Mun-Kwang flashes a creepy grin as she points to the stairsdescending into the dark storage basement. Chung-Sook is spooked. She hesitates. CHUNG-SOOK No thanks. Just hurry up and getwhat you need. 72 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - NIGHT 72 CLOSE ON -- A DROP OF WATER precariously dangling from thekitchen faucet. It’s been a while since Mun-Kwang went down to the storageroom. Chung-Sook starts getting worried. She gets up from thechair. 73 INT. MANSION - STORAGE BASEMENT - NIGHT 73 A nervous Chung-Sook walks down the narrow staircase andpeers into the darkness. She hears a strange MOAN coming frominside and soon discovers -75. Mun-Kwang levitating horizontally in the air! We realize thatshe actually has her feet set against the wall and is pushingthe jar cabinet with her hands. The glass jars rattle as sheshoves with all her might. Chung-Sook is confused. MUN-KWANG Can you give me a hand? Help mepush! CHUNG-SOOK Huh? MUN-KWANG (tearful)He’s going to die! Please! CHUNG-SOOK What’s going on-MUN-KWANG Just help me first! Chung-Sook has no idea what’s going on but starts pushingwith Mun-Kwang. We see Ki-Woo, Ki-Jung, and Ki-Tek peeking from thestaircase. Chung-Sook sees something on the ground as she’s pushing. CHUNG-SOOK Wait. Maybe this is the problem. Chung-Sook pulls a bundle of wires stuck under the cabinet.As soon as she does -The cabinet smoothly rolls to the side pretty much on itsown, as if it’s set on rails. It moves out of view to reveal,to Chung-Sook’s great astonishment -A DARK STEEL DOOR hidden behind it. Mun-Kwang opens the door and hurries inside. Chung-Sook shakes off her shock and follows Mun-Kwang downthe dark staircase. 74 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - NIGHT 74 MUN-KWANG Babe! Babe! 76. We get glimpses of the dark underground bunker as Mun-Kwangwaves around the flashlight on her cell phone -- low ceiling,gray walls, a small passageway... Chung-Sook covers her nose at the awful smell. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)Kun-Sae! Mun-Kwang’s flashlight finally finds -A PALE, SEVERELY MALNOURISHED FACE. This is KUN-SAE, 45, MunKwang’s husband. He looks up from his cot, woken up by thesound. He blinks his large eyes. Chung-Sook looks horrified. KUN-SAE Stop yelling. I’m okay... Mun-Kwang immediately shoves a BABY BOTTLE in his mouth andstarts feeding him. It’s filled with some kind of gruel. MUN-KWANG No, you’re not. You’re not okay!(weeping)Why are you in the dark? Why did youturn off the lights? KUN-SAE We have to conserve energy. It allcomes out of Mr. Park’s pocket. Kun-Sae turns on the light and is startled to see -Chung-Sook standing in front of him. He springs from his bed, but Mun-Kwang pushes him back down. MUN-KWANG It’s fine. We’re okay. Mun-Kwang points at Chung-Sook. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)She’s a friend. She helped me get inhere. It was the damn wires. Theywere stuck under the cabinet. KUN-SAE No wonder. (laughs weakly)I tried everything but I couldn’tget it to open. I couldn’t go up to 77. the kitchen. MUN-KWANG (sobbing)How many days have you gone withoutfood? I’m so sorry, babe! Chung-Sook is at a loss. Ki-Woo, Ki-Jung, and Ki-Tek have followed Chung-Sook and Mun-Kwang down and are eavesdropping from the staircase. Theylook stunned. CHUNG-SOOK What are you people up to? Why are you-MUN-KWANG I know how this looks. You must think we’re crazy. But please,Chung-Sook. Have some pity. Usdomestic workers, we’re sisters-CHUNG-SOOK (surprised)How the hell do you know my name? MUN-KWANG Da-Song and I still text from timeto time. I came here because I knew the family would be on a campingtrip. I wanted to talk to you alone. Chung-Sook can’t believe her ears. Surprise turns to anger. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)Don’t worry, sis. No one knows I’mhere. Mun-Kwang removes a pair of wire cutters from her pocket. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)I cut the wires on the surveillance camera on my way in. That’s good,right? Huh, big sis? CHUNG-SOOK Wait. Hold on. Aren’t you older thanme? MUN-KWANG I was born in 74. Year of the tiger.My name is Mun-Kwang. 78. Chung-Sook is speechless. Mun-Kwang points to Kun-Sae. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)This is my husband Oh Kun-Sae. Kun-Sae smiles innocently as he continues to suck on theempty bottle. Chung-Sook regards the scene with disbelief. Mun-Kwang takes out a banana from her pocket. She peels itand feeds it to Kun-Sae. CHUNG-SOOK So the whole time you were workinghere, you were smuggling food downfrom the kitchen? MUN-KWANG No! Everything he ate came from mypocket. From the money I made here.I never stole anything! CHUNG-SOOK Sure. And how long has he been downhere? Your husband. MUN-KWANG Let’s see-- About four years? CHUNG-SOOK You gotta be kidding me. KUN-SAE Four years, three months, andseventeen days to be exact! Kun-Sae laughs. MUN-KWANG That’s right. It’s already June. Hestarted living here after Mr.Namgoong moved out four years ago.Before Da-Song’s family moved in. Chung-Sook looks around the room. It has a toilet, sink,small fridge, an old-fashioned TV set... Enough amenities tosurvive underground. Mun-Kwang continues to speak, blinking her swollen eyes. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)A lot of these rich people, theybuild bunkers and secret rooms in 79. their homes. You know, in case theNorth Koreans invade, or in casecreditors come knocking on theirdoors. Maybe Mr. Namgoong feltembarrassed about building such aroom. He didn’t mention it to the Parks when he sold the house. CHUNG-SOOK Huh. MUN-KWANG Nobody in the house knew about theroom. Except me. CHUNG-SOOK Some balls you got. Well, now I knowtoo! And I know what I’m going todo! Chung-Sook takes out her phone. CHUNG-SOOK (CONT’D)Call the fucking cops. Mun-Kwang drops to her knees and starts begging. MUN-KWANG No! Please sis! (sobs)We’re all in the same boat, aren’twe? We all need a little help to getby. CHUNG-SOOK I’m not your fucking sister, bitch.And I don’t need nobody’s help. MUN-KWANG Well, I do! I don’t have a house. Idon’t have money. All I have is amountain of debt. CHUNG-SOOK What do you want me to do about it? MUN-KWANG He’s been down here for four years,and the loan sharks still won’t let go. They’re obsessed. They saythey’re going to kill him! CHUNG-SOOK You borrowed from loan sharks? 80. Mun-Kwang nods. KUN-SAE It’s all my fault.(laughs, embarrassed)I started a cake shop -- TaiwaneseCastella -- and it completelybankrupted us. Kun-Sae laughs again. A nervous habit. When Ki-Tek hears the word ‘Castella,’ his face crowds withemotion. He knows the shame. Mun-Kwang hands Chung-Sook an envelope. MUN-KWANG Please, take this. CHUNG-SOOK What is this? MUN-KWANG It’s not much, I know. But I cansend you money every month. All Iask is that you come down here everyother day and leave him something toeat. Actually no. Once a week isfine. There’s a little fridge downhere so-CHUNG-SOOK Are you crazy? You people areunbelievable-- Get away from me. Chung-Sook lifts her phone. CHUNG-SOOK (CONT’D)I’m going to call the cops. Ki-Tek and the kids look worried. That wouldn’t be good forthem either. Ki-Tek is awkwardly leaning over, listening tothe conversation, when -His foot slips and he falls down the stairs! He is unable tocontrol his large body and takes down Ki-Jung and Ki-Woo withhim. Ki-Jung screams. Chung-Sook is startled when she sees the family spilling downthe stairs. Mun-Kwang is even more confused. It’s Kevin, Jessica, and Mr.Kim! Why are they here? 81. MUN-KWANG What the hell? KUN-SAE (laughs)Honey, who are all these people? MUN-KWANG Ms. Jessica? Mr. Kim... What’s everyone doing down here? Mun-Kwang is speechless for a moment before the pieces slowlycome together in her head. She takes out her cell phone. As Ki-Tek scrambles to get up, he accidentally steps on KiWoo’s foot. KI-WOO Ow! Dad, my foot! Chung-Sook and Ki-Jung immediately freeze. Ki-Woo realizeswhat he just said and turns pale. He sees -Mun-Kwang recording everything on her cell phone. MUN-KWANG Now I get it.(nods)I knew something wasn’t right-Mun-Kwang plays back the footage she just shot -KI-WOO (VIDEO)Ow! Dad, my foot! Ki-Woo’s face and voice are clearly recorded on video. Finally everything comes together for Mun-Kwang. Ki-Woo is devastated. MUN-KWANG Now I get it. You’re all a family. Afamily that scams people together. KI-WOO It’s not like that-MUN-KWANG I knew something was off when Yunwas fired for no reason. You despicable-CHUNG-SOOK 82. Listen, sis-MUN-KWANG I’m not your sister, you life-ruining bitch. Mun-Kwang shows Chung-Sook her phone. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)Why don’t I send this little videoto Mrs. Park right now? The video is already being prepped for transfer on her messenger app. Ki-Woo and family are sweating. Ki-Tek, still a little tipsyfrom the whiskey, says quietly to Ki-Jung -KI-TEK There’s probably no reception downhere. Ki-Jung looks at her phone. KI-JUNG Actually it’s pretty good. KI-TEK Fuck. KI-WOO Please. We really need these jobs,and we went through a lot to getthem. We’re not scam artists. We’re-MUN-KWANG (cutting him off)Shut up! I don’t give a shit! Idon’t care if we all go to prison.I’ll fucking end everything righthere! KI-TEK SHUT UP!!!! Ki-Tek thunders loudly, silencing everyone in the room. Ki-Woo frowns and covers his ears. KI-TEK (CONT’D)Are you crazy, lady! Mun-Kwang is puzzled by Ki-Tek’s random outburst. 83. KI-TEK (CONT’D)Imagine how upset the Parks would beif they saw the video.(screaming)They are nice people! And they’veshown nothing but kindness! Whywould you do that to them! MUN-KWANG What the-KI-TEK Erase it. Now. If you erase it-(burps)Then we can talk. Then I will consider your demands-He seems to be doing the method-acting thing, playing ‘scaryKi-Tek,’ but no one’s really buying. He’s making zero sense.They all just look around. MUN-KWANG (to Chung-Sook)What’s wrong with your husband? CHUNG-SOOK (sighs)I apologize on his behalf. Now let’sall calm down--Kun-Sae is watching the drama unfold when he suddenly losesbalance and nearly falls. He’s still weak. Mun-Kwang sticks her phone out like a gun as she grabs Kun-Sae -MUN-KWANG Back off! Or I’m going to hit send! Ki-Tek and family flinch. They slowly back off. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)Let’s get you upstairs. You needsome fresh air. KUN-SAE (laughs)Sounds good. MUN-KWANG All of you go upstairs and stay inone place. If you move one inch outof my sight, I’m hitting send! 84. 75 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 75 It’s pouring outside. Kun-Sae is lying facedown on the largesofa, and Mun-Kwang is on top giving him a massage. Ki-Tek and crew are kneeling in the corner with their armsraised. KUN-SAE It’s funny. Your phone. It’s like anuclear button. MUN-KWANG What are you talking about? KUN-SAE They all hide their tails when yousay you’ll press the button.(laughs)You’re like North Korea. The phoneis Kim Jong-Un’s nuke! Mun-Kwang sits up straight like a military cadet. MUN-KWANG (North Korean accent)Upon seeing the atrocious actscommitted by the family of depravedbandits on mobile camera, our DearLeader Kim Jong-Un determined todeliver fiery justice-Out of nowhere she starts impersonating a North Korean newsanchor. Kun-Sae laughs like a little kid. KUN-SAE I missed your impressions. MUN-KWANG Ignoring the cowardly ruling of theUnited Nations Security Council, ourDear Leader announced that he would execute the family of delinquents byfiring squad. KUN-SAE (laughing)No one does commie impressionsbetter than you. I love you, babe. Ki-Tek and family stare at Mun-Kwang and Kun-Saeincredulously. Who are these people? MUN-KWANG 85. What are you looking at! Keep yourheads down! They all look down. Mun-Kwang starts recording with her cell phone again, panningfrom the family members to the scattered food and boozebottles on the floor. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)Scumbags. Look at this debauchery.This is how you treat the sublimeliving room created by the greatNamgoong Hyunja? Kun-Sae looks out at the garden. KUN-SAE A great living room it is...Remember, honey? How we would sithere when the weather was nice,looking out at the garden. Soenchanting. MUN-KWANG It was. Park would be at work. The kids at school. Yon-Kyo would go outshopping, and the house would be soquiet. You would come up, and wewould have tea together. KUN-SAE Yes. Royal Milk Tea. MUN-KWANG We would enjoy the view, listeningto Rachmaninoff on the bluetooth speaker-Mun-Kwang is lost in sweet reverie when -Chung-Sook suddenly runs toward the sofa. Like a linebackerrushing a quarterback, she rams the sofa with her hefty frame Knocking Mun-Kwang off balance and making her drop the phone! Immediately Ki-Tek dives after the phone -While Mun-Kwang tries to retrieve it -Then Ki-Woo lunges toward Mun-Kwang -Then Kun-Sae after him -86. And of course Ki-Jung has to jump after Kun-Sae. Six bodies desperately intertwined. Twelve hands clawing. 60fingers outstretched toward the phone. 76 EXT. MANSION - NIGHT 76 The view from outside. Through the thick curtain of rain, wesee six people, none of whom actually live in the house,chaotically brawling inside. A surreal sight. The rain drownsout the sound. Ki-Jung extracts herself from the melee and runs toward thekitchen. 77 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - NIGHT 77 Ki-Jung opens the fridge. She grabs a BLACK PLASTIC BAG frominside and runs back to the -78 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 78 Mun-Kwang has the phone back, but it’s far from over. Chung-Sook is choking her from behind, and Ki-Woo is beside hertrying to pry the phone away. We see Ki-Tek wrestling Kun-Saenearby. Ki-Jung rushes back to the living room with the black bag.She pours the contents -- A DOZEN OR SO PEACHES -- over MunKwang’s head! Mun-Kwang screams. Ki-Jung picks up one of the peaches and squashes it againstMun-Kwang’s face. MUN-KWANG AAAAH!! Mun-Kwang sticks her tongue out and starts coughingviolently. She rolls on the floor, clutching her swollenthroat, allowing -Ki-Woo to snatch her phone. At the same time Ki-Tek subdues Kun-Sae, and the family seemto have everything under control. Until -The LIVING ROOM PHONE begins to ring. 87. Chung-Sook checks her cell phone. She sees several missedcalls from “Mrs. Park.” Shit. When the landline continues to ring, the family memberssilence Mun-Kwang and Kun-Sae by covering their mouths. Chung-Sook answers the phone. CHUNG-SOOK (into the phone)Hel--lo? YON-KYO (PHONE)You’re there! You know how to make japaguri, right? Spicy jajang udon? CHUNG-SOOK (into the phone)Japaguri? 79 INT. MERCEDES - DRIVING - NIGHT 79 YON-KYO (into the phone)It’s Da-Song’s favorite. If youstart cooking now, it’ll be ready bythe time we get there. There’s somePrime flank steak in the fridge soyou should put that in too. Rain batters the Mercedes. Da-Song is in the backseat withhis eyes closed. He looks pissed. He’s taken Da-Hae’sreality- canceling headphones and is wearing them over his ears. Yon-Kyo glances back from the passenger seat. YON-KYO (CONT’D)(into the phone; quiet)It was complete hell. The stream atthe campsite flooded and we had topack up our tents, but Da-Song justrefused to leave. He was crying andyelling-(sighs)We barely got him in the car, andnow we’re on our way. I’m countingon the japaguri! It has to be ready! 80 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 80 CHUNG-SOOK 88. (pale)So-- You’re almost here? YON-KYO (PHONE)Eight minutes, according tonavigation. CHUNG-SOOK I see... Eight minutes. Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung are completely aghast. YON-KYO (PHONE)You should start now. You’re the best! Yon-Kyo hangs up. The family members all look at each other blankly. What thefuck do we do? The living room is still wildly littered with whiskeybottles, plates, peaches... Chung-Sook closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. CHUNG-SOOK (quiet)What the hell is a japaguri? KI-JUNG Look it up. The recipe’s online. Ki-Woo is completely numb. He’s just standing there, stillout of breath from the fracas, when -KI-JUNG (CONT’D)(to Ki-Woo)What do we do? KI-WOO I don’t know... This wasn’t part ofthe plan. They’re all standing around when Ki-Tek suddenly twists KunSae’s arm. Ki-Tek has a manic glow about him. His eyes arebloodshot. KUN-SAE Ow! KI-TEK Move! Hurry! 89. At Ki-Tek’s command, the family jump into action. Ki-Jung starts clearing the bottles with lightning speed, andKi-Tek drags Kun-Sae toward the basement. Ki-Woo roughly pulls up Mun-Kwang. Her eyes are heavilyswollen like she just went through ten rounds with MikeTyson. She coughs incessantly as she is hauled away. Chung-Sook is solely focused on the japaguri. She looks upthe recipe while putting water on the stove. She rips opentwo packs of noodles -- jajang ramen and instant udon. 81 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - NIGHT 81 Ki-Tek pushes Kun-Sae down the stairs into the secret room.He’s rough, scary. And it’s not acting. Even in this dire situation, Kun-Sae can’t stop his laughing KUN-SAE (laughing nervously)You don’t have to do this. Let’s all sit down and talk. Ki-Tek shuts Kun-Sae up by throwing him on the floor. Ki-Tekthen looks through the miscellaneous crap in the room andfinds a power cord. He is tying Kun-Sae with it when -Ki-Woo rushes down the stairs with Mun-Kwang. He also looksfor something to tie Mun-Kwang with. She’s barely breathingand is only half-conscious. KI-TEK I’ll take care of them. You go andhelp Ki-Jung. KI-WOO Okay. Ki-Woo is still numb. He has no focus in his eyes. No longerthe man with the plan. He just does as he’s told. He hurriesup the stairs. 82 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - NIGHT 82 Chung-Sook methodically lays out the ramen soup packets onthe counter and starts cooking the flank steak. Ki-Woo comes up from the basement. He runs past her and goesinto the -90. LIVING ROOM Where Ki-Jung is kicking foods and plates under thefurniture. She moves fast, with purpose. Ki-Woo is looking ather blankly when -He hears the Mercedes arriving in the garage. He panics. He sees Da-Hae’s yellow journal on top of thecoffee table and picks it up. He hurries up to the secondfloor. Chung-Sook stirs the noodles with great speed. She soon hearsthe Park family walking up the garage stairs. Ki-Jung stops everything and picks up the remaining peaches.She hides under the large coffee table. A disgruntled Da-Song appears first and stalks across theliving room. From under the coffee table, Ki-Jung sees --Yon-Kyo running after Da-Song. She points to the kitchen. YON-KYO Da-Song! Look what Chung-Sook made!It’s japaguri, your favorite! Da-Song ignores the steaming bowl of japaguri and walks upthe stairs. An equally pissed Da-Hae comes up behind him and snatches theheadphones off his ears. She stomps ahead of him. 83 INT. MANSION - DA-HAE’S ROOM - NIGHT 83 Ki-Woo closes the box of journals and puts the combinationlock back on. He quickly hides under the bed. Da-Hae walks inside moments later and throws herself on the bed. The bottom of the mattress sinks and nearly touches KiWoo’s nose. Da-Hae turns up the volume on her phone. Music escapes fromher headphones. 84 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - NIGHT 84 Ki-Tek finishes tying Kun-Sae and moves onto Mun-Kwang. She’sstill hyperventilating, and her eyes are swollen shut. Ki-Tekapproaches with the cord when -91. Mun-Kwang suddenly gets up and shoves Ki-Tek to the side. Sheruns up the stairs. Ki-Tek chases her. 85 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - NIGHT 85 Yon-Kyo gives up on talking to Da-Song. She walks down to thekitchen where Chung-Sook is waiting with the japaguri. At the same time, Chung-Sook sees Mun-Kwang running up fromthe storage basement. With the pot still in her hands, sheswiftly turns toward the door and -POW! -- Kicks Mun-Kwang in the face! Mun-Kwang tumbles down and slams her head hard on one of thesteps. Looks like at least a concussion. Ki-Tek witnesses the fall from below and gasps. Yon-Kyo walks into the kitchen, having missed the devastatingkick by a mere millisecond. She sits at the dining table. YON-KYO This is ridiculous. You should eat this. CHUNG-SOOK Oh, thank you... YON-KYO Wait. No. I’ll give it to Dong- Ik.You put the steak in, right? Chung-Sook is too worried about Mun-Kwang to be annoyed byYon- Kyo’s flip-flopping. She looks down at the bottom ofstairs where -Mun-Kwang lies unconscious with her head rammed into thewall. Ki-Tek soon drags her out of sight. 86 INT. MANSION - STORAGE BASEMENT - NIGHT 86 Ki-Tek pulls Mun-Kwang’s limp body through the steel doorthat leads to the secret room. He slides the cabinet back in place to cover the entrance. He sees that Mun-Kwang is unconscious and starts panicking.He slaps her in the face. He’s relieved when Mun-Kwang letsout a weak moan. 92. Ki-Tek starts tying her with a cord when he hears a strangenoise coming from below. He rushes down the stairs to see --Kun-Sae, arms still tied, banging his head against a seriesof electrical switches on the wall. A truly bizarre sight. KI-TEK What the hell are you doing? KUN-SAE Mr. Park is home. This is my welcomehome ritual. Above Kun-Sae, Ki-Tek sees a tall, open space. The hollowarea beneath the garage stairs. We hear Dong-Ik’s FOOTSTEPSheading up to the living room. Kun-Sae continues to bang on the switches. Ki-Tek sees thatthe lines from the switches go all the way up to theentrance. KUN-SAE (CONT’D)What are you staring at? I do thiseveryday. 87 INT. MANSION - ENTRANCE - NIGHT 87 As Dong-Ik walks up from the garage, the lights above himblink one by one, in sequence. That’s when we realize -The MOTION-SENSOR LIGHTS that we noticed throughout the filmweren’t motion-sensor lights after all. It was Kun-Sae’s‘performance’ welcoming Dong-Ik home. YON-KYO Babe, have some japaguri. I put somesteak in. DONG-IK (shakes his head)No thanks. I’m going up to take ashower. 88 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - NIGHT 88 Kun-Sae sings a silly, improvised song as he gleefully bangsthe switches with his forehead -KUN-SAE (singing)Welcome back, what a hard day youmust have had at work / Welcome 93. back, Mr. Park we love you so much 89 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - NIGHT 89 YON-KYO (re: lights)That sensor is all bonkers. Yon-Kyo talks to Chung-Sook as she shoves japaguri and flanksteak in her mouth. She looks up. YON-KYO (CONT’D)I guess there are still some thingsyou need to learn about us. Youthink we’re weird right?(slurps ramen)We go out of our way to indulge Da-Song. Treat him like some kind ofcrown prince. CHUNG-SOOK Not at all-YON-KYO You have to understand. Da-Songneeds special care. He’s... notwell. We’ve been helping him withtrauma therapy and art therapy. Yousee, he went through a traumaticevent when he was little. CHUNG-SOOK What kind of-YON-KYO Do you believe in ghosts? CHUNG-SOOK Ghosts? YON-KYO When Da-Song was in first grade, hesaw a ghost. Yon-Kyo tells the story as she noisily slurps her ramen. Chung-Sook’s spine tingles. A creepy silence surrounds thekitchen. Ki-Jung listens intently from under the coffee table. YON-KYO (CONT’D) 94. That year we threw him a bigbirthday party at home. At night,when we were all asleep, Da-Songsnuck back down to the kitchen because he couldn’t stop thinkingabout the cake. You see, the freshcream on that cake was just divine. CHUNG-SOOK Right. YON-KYO He was crouched over there in front of the refrigerator, eating cakewith his fingers when -Chung-Sook is riveted. YON-KYO (CONT’D)He saw something. Over there. In theliving room window. A dark figure-CHUNG-SOOK (spooked)In the garden? YON-KYO No, in the kitchen. Yon-Kyo points to the living room window. YON-KYO (CONT’D)See? You can see the kitchen reflected in the window. CHUNG-SOOK My goodness. YON-KYO He saw a dark figure looking overhis shoulders. A ghost. As CAMERA WHIP PANS to the living room window, we transitionto a -FLASHBACK We see the kitchen reflected in the living room window. Da-Song is sitting on the floor plowing into his cake. We see a DARK FIGURE behind Da-Song. The ghost. He juststands there, watching Da-Song eat. BACK TO PRESENT 95. YON-KYO (CONT’D)I heard a scream and rushed down the stairs. (tears building)When I found him, his eyes wererolled back, and he was foaming atthe mouth, shaking uncontrollably -CHUNG-SOOK Oh my gosh. YON-KYO Have you seen a child going througha seizure? It’s awful. If you don’tperform first aid in the firstfifteen minutes, it’s over. You haveto take him to the hospital as soon as you can. Yon-Kyo shakes off the memories and returns to her ditzyself. YON-KYO (CONT’D)Dong-Ik was away on a business trip,and I was all by myself. Anyway,after that horrible experience,we’ve tried to go away for hisbirthday every year. Last year wewent to my parents’ house. Thisyear, camping-She angrily tosses her noodles. YON-KYO (CONT’D)Now it’s all gone to crap. CHUNG-SOOK I see. Chung-Sook realizes who the ghost was but keeps mum. YON-KYO Dong-Ik doesn’t take it seriously.Growing pains, he says. And he saysliving in a haunted house actuallybrings good fortune. Good forbusiness or something.(slurps ramen)You know what though? Business hasbeen very good these past few years.It’s funny-As Yon-Kyo rambles on -96. CAMERA MOVES IN on Da-Song’s drawing on the wall. It focuseson the “schizophrenia zone.” We see the dark, ambiguous shapedrawn in it. The shape, which vaguely resembles the ghost, MATCH CUTS TO -90 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - NIGHT 90 Kun-Sae’s dark face staring back at Ki-Tek. Ki-Tek looks at the numerous notes and drawings covering thewalls. He sees photos and magazine interviews of NamgoongHyunja and Dong-Ik. A record of Kun-Sae’s devolving mind. Ki-Tek feels like he’s in the twilight zone. KI-TEK God... I can’t believe you livedhere for so long. I guess you had nochoice... KUN-SAE Plenty of people live underground.More if you count semi-undergroundapartments! Kun-Sae laughs. KI-TEK So what was your plan? You didn’teven have one, did you? KUN-SAE (laughing)I like it here. It almost feels like I grew up here. This might as wellbe my official address. Kun-Sae rambles on incoherently, his eyes glazed and out offocus. Ki-Tek starts getting scared. KUN-SAE (CONT’D)Please. You have to let me stayhere. Ki-Tek finds a roll of duct tape among the mess and startsripping off a piece. KUN-SAE (CONT’D) 97. Please. Talk to my wife. We don’thave to fight.(looking around)Where did she go? She didn’t meanwhat she said. The woman really hasa heart of gold. She stood by me thewhole time I was in here. Four long years-Ki-Tek tapes Kun-Sae’s mouth shut. He then goes to stairs andtapes Mun-Kwang’s mouth as well. As he does, he feelssomething wet behind her head. BLOOD. Ki-Tek’s head spins when he sees the blood on his fingertips.He runs up the stairs. 91 INT. MANSION - STORAGE BASEMENT - NIGHT 91 Ki-Tek shuts the steel door and ties the handle with wires. He then pushes the cabinet back in place, sealing off thesecret doorway. Breathing heavily, he looks up at the thinbar of light coming from the kitchen. 92 INT. MANSION - DA-HAE’S ROOM - NIGHT 92 We’re on Ki-Woo’s stunned face. He is face to face with -JUNIE, who is poking his head under the mattress, havingfound Ki-Woo. Da-Hae looks down at Junie from the bed. She becomes curious when she sees the dog wagging his tail with his head buriedunder the bed. She bends over to see what it is when -She hears Yon-Kyo walking up the stairs. She immediatelysprings back up. Picking up Junie, she walks out to the -HALLWAY Where she confronts Yon-Kyo. DA-HAE You’re unbelievable. YON-KYO What? DA-HAE You didn’t even ask me. I like japaguri too. Yon-Kyo wipes her mouth. 98. YON-KYO I just-DA-HAE Da-Song didn’t want it so youoffered it to Chung-Sook. Then yougave it to Dad. Then instead ofasking me, you decided to eat it allby yourself. What, I didn’t crossyour mind? Da-Hae and Yon-Kyo bicker down the hall, soon disappearingfrom our sight. Through Da-Hae’s open door, we see Ki-Woo slowly emergingfrom under the bed. He checks the hallway before tiptoeingover to the stairs, where he sees -Chung-Sook waving at him from below ‘Come down.’ Chung-Sookalso gestures toward the basement stairs from which -Ki-Tek carefully walks out. Once they’re all together theystart toward the -93 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 93 The family quietly crosses the living room toward the garageentrance. They stop. They make a quick detour to the coffeetable where Ki-Jung is still hiding. They are helping her out from under the table when theysuddenly hear -FOOTSTEPS thundering down the stairs. Fast. Ki-Jung hides under the table again. Having nowhere to go,Ki- Woo and Ki-Tek also crawl underneath. Chung-Sook turns to see -Da-Song running down the stairs, dressed in a raincoat. He’swearing a backpack and also has the folded TEEPEE strappedacross his shoulders. CHUNG-SOOK Da-Song! Slow down! Dangling all kinds of camping gear over his raincoat, Da-Songstorms through the living room and heads to the garden. Heopens the glass door and jumps out into the pouring rain. He then starts building the teepee in the middle of the yard.He’s quick, efficient. A true Scout. 99. Yon-Kyo and Dong-Ik yell at Da-Song as they rush down thestairs. YON-KYO Da-Song! Are you crazy! DONG-IK Da-Song Park!(laughs)I can’t believe this. Yon-Kyo and Dong-Ik hesitate at the door, still in theirpajamas. Chung-Sook brings two umbrellas, and they finally goout. Da-Song has already finished setting up the teepee and is nowworking on the inside. Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo and Ki-Jung attempt to make a run while Yon-Kyo and Dong-Ik are outside. They start wiggling their wayout when -Da-Hae comes running down the stairs. They quickly wiggle back in. DA-HAE (English)What the fuck is going on here? Da-Hae watches her parents pleading with Da-Song in the rain.Pathetic. She shoots a video and sends it to none other than “Mr. Kevin” a.k.a. Ki-Woo Whose phone VIBRATES just a few feet from her under thetable. Ki-Woo quickly silences his phone. Chung-Sook coughs to cover the sound. She glances over at Da-Hae to see if Da-Hae heard it too. She did. Da-Hae looks around, confused. Ki-Woo hurriedly switches his phone to silence mode. Ki-Tekand Ki-Jung do the same. Da-Hae’s text messages crowd Ki-Woo’s screen -/ SMH Da-Song’s crazy raindance / I hate my brother / Totes saw this coming. Started losing his shit at camp 100. / LMAO / I miss you / Me too / Selfie please / No / Why noooooooot / I’m with you right now Da-Hae continues to exchange cringe-inducing love texts withKi-Woo as she plops down on the sofa. Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung nearly shriek when Da-Hae’swriggly feet come within inches of their faces. Meanwhile Yon-Kyo and Dong-Ik give up on Da-Song and returnto the living room. Chung-Sook takes their umbrellas and hands them a couple oftowels. She nervously looks over at the coffee table. YON-KYO (to Chung-Sook)You should go sleep in the room.We’ll stay here with Da-Song. DONG-IK (to Da-Hae)You too. Stop looking at your phoneand go to your room. Without answering, Da-Hae gets up and stomps up the stairs,never looking up once from her phone. Chung-Sook looks back at the living room with a worried faceas she goes to the kitchen. Yon-Kyo and Dong-Ik sit down on the sofa, now directly facingKi-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung. Dong-Ik presses the button on his walkie-talkie. DONG-IK (CONT’D)(into the radio)Dad to Da-Song, Dad to Da-Song.Currently standing by in the livingroom. I’ll be here all night so callme if there’s an emergency. 101. DA-SONG (RADIO)Copy that. Over and out. Da-Song’s voice on the radio sounds excited. He got his wishafter all. Dong-Ik lets out a weak laugh. DONG-IK This is incredible. You don’t think the teepee will leak, do you? YON-KYO (sighs)I bought it directly from anAmerican vendor. I think it should be okay. DONG-IK Your son is quite unpredictable.Never easy, I’ll say. Yon-Kyo feels like it’s her fault. YON-KYO He’s been getting better... Look.Signing him up for the Cub Scoutsdefinitely paid off. See how fast heset up that tent. Outside the window, the teepee lights up. Lanterns are litinside, one after another. It’s picturesque. The teepee, emitting a pleasant orangeglow. Against the backdrop of beautiful trees. Seen throughthe shimmering veil of pouring rain. Dong-Ik turns off the living room lights and places a fewcushions on Yon-Kyo’s side. DONG-IK Let’s just sleep here on the sofatonight. We’ll be able to see thetent from here. YON-KYO That sounds good. That way we cankeep an eye on Da-Song. Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung turn ashen. They’re fucked. Dong-Ik lies down in the spooning position behind Yon-Kyo.It’s quite romantic. Both of them in their pajamas. Tightlysnuggled up on the sofa. DONG-IK 102. Hold on. (sniffs)I know that smell. YON-KYO What? DONG-IK This is Mr. Kim’s smell. YON-KYO Mr. Kim? Are you sure?(sniffs)I don’t know what you’re talkingabout. Dong-Ik and Yon-Kyo both sniff the air. Ki-Tek becomes nervous. He smells his T-shirt. DONG-IK I guess you don’t know. I sit behindhim every day so I know the smell. YON-KYO Like poor people smell? DONG-IK No. It’s not that strong. It’s morelike a subtle aroma that seeps intothe air-YON-KYO Like old people smell? DONG-IK No, no. How should I put it-- Maybethe smell of an old radish pickle?Or that smell when you’re washing adirty rag? Ki-Tek tries his best to keep a straight face under thetable. DONG-IK (CONT’D)I mean I like his driving. And theman never crosses the line. (MORE) DONG-IK (CONT’D)Sometimes he teeters very close, buthe never actually crosses it. That’sall great. But that smell. Itdefinitely crosses the line. 103. (laughs)It just creeps into the backseat andsurrounds you-YON-KYO You think that’s what Da-Song wastalking about? DONG-IK It’s hard to explain. I smell itwhen I ride the subway sometimes. YON-KYO I haven’t ridden the subway inforever. DONG-IK There’s this unique smell thatsubway commuters have-Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung can do nothing but silently takehit after hit. Ki-Tek is completely expressionless. On the sofa, Dong-Ik slowly slides up his hand and caressesYon-Kyo’s breasts over her pajama top. YON-KYO (quiet)What are you doing? DONG-IK It feels like we’re in the backseat of a car, doesn’t it? Dong-Ik sounds like a horny high school boy. He puts his handinside Yon-Kyo’s pajama top and continues fondling her. Yon-Kyo looks up at the kitchen and the stairs to make sureno one is watching. She closes her eyes and gives in topleasure. YON-KYO (moaning)Clockwise. Dong-Ik moves his hand as instructed. It starts migratingbelow Yon-Kyo’s navel. Their bodies grow closer. Breathingbecomes labored. DONG-IK Do you have a pair of really cheappanties? YON-KYO 104. Cheap panties? DONG-IK Those panties that Yun left behind.Something like that. Real cheap andtacky. Dong-Ik’s hand slips inside Yon-Kyo’s underwear. He makes it‘vibrate’ like a sex toy. Yon-Kyo’s lips part from pleasure. She gasps. YON-KYO No, I don’t have-- something socrude. DONG-IK I must be a pervert. I get hardthinking about those cheap, trashypair of underpants. YON-KYO Where would I find something so-horrendous. (gasps) Down. Ki-Jung tries to keep a cool face as the rich couple continueto malign her underwear. Ki-Tek’s face is dark. He’s more humiliated than she is. Meanwhile Yon-Kyo is pushed closer toward climax by theunderpants talk. She bites her lips but is hardly able tosuppress her moans. Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung heareverything under the table. A heavy fatigue comes over Ki-Tek’s face. Time passes slowly. 94 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - LATER 94 Hiding in the dark kitchen, Chung-Sook looks over at theliving room where the Parks are now sleeping. She sends atext -/ They’re passed out / Move out 1 by 1 Under the table, Ki-Tek receives the text. He signals Ki-Jungto go first. She slides out and starts crawling toward thegarage stairs. Ki-Woo goes next. Once they are safely across,they wait for Ki-Tek. 105. Ki-Tek is slowly making his way when -A STRONG BEAM OF LIGHT suddenly penetrates the living room. Aflashlight. Ki-Tek quickly flattens himself on the floor. Thelight searches the living room before settling on Yon-Kyo andDong-Ik on the sofa. 95 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - NIGHT 95 The rain is still heavy. We see Da-Song poking his head out,shining his flashlight at Yon-Kyo and Dong-Ik in the living room. He turns glum when he sees them sleeping. He angrily wavesthe flashlight, trying to wake them up. 96 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 96 Ki-Tek curls into a tight ball to avoid the wildly roaminglight. He is slowly inching toward the stairs when -The T-667 WALKIE-TALKIE on the coffee table crackles to life. We hear Da-Song’s voice through the fuzz -DA-SONG (RADIO)Mayday! Mayday! Dad, come in! Ki-Tek freezes. There’s nowhere to hide. He can only closehis eyes and hope he doesn’t get discovered. Dong-Ik wakes up and picks up the walkie-talkie. He looks outthe window and sees the flashlight blinking inside the tent. DONG-IK (into the radio)What is it? YON-KYO Is that Da-Song ? What’s going on? Yon-Kyo and Dong-Ik are too concerned with Da-Song to noticeKi-Tek hunched over in the dark merely a few feet away. DA-SONG (RADIO)I can’t go to sleep. Over. Dong-Ik and Yon-Kyo can’t help but laugh. DONG-IK (into the radio)So come inside! Let’s all go tosleep in our comfy beds. 106. DA-SONG (RADIO)No! The transmission cuts out. Dong-Ik and Yon-Kyo laugh andsigh. Back to the sofa it is. They return to sleep. When all is quiet, Ki-Tek starts moving again. 97 INT. MANSION - GARAGE - NIGHT 97 Ki-Tek flips up the door switch before quickly flipping itback down. The garage door goes up about one-and-a-half feetbefore stopping. Ki-Jung and Ki-Woo hold their breath. Did anyone in the househear the door? When they don’t hear anything, they crawl through the narrowopening and walk out into the rain. Ki-Tek presses the ‘down’ switch and slips through the crackbefore it completely closes. 98 EXT. MANSION - ROAD - NIGHT 98 HIGH ON the surveillance camera above the gate, the severedwires dangling below. RACK FOCUS TO REVEAL -Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung sneaking out of the house andwalking down the empty road. Rain pours as they make theirway down the winding road. 99 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 99 Ki-Tek and the kids trudge silently through the rain. They’rewalking on the side of a gloomy four-lane road, no longer inthe nice part of town. They don’t bother going into a storeto buy an umbrella. They don’t bother hailing a cab. Theyjust walk, their faces steeped in anguish. 100 EXT. HILLTOP - NIGHT 100 We look down on a hillside neighborhood. A different hillsideview. Working class. Illuminated by the lights of low-incomeapartments. The gates of poverty. Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung stop under an overpass, out ofbreath. We see them as silhouettes. KI-JUNG 107. (panting)So what did you do? KI-TEK What are you talking about? KI-JUNG The basement. KI-TEK I tied them up so they can’t comeout. KI-JUNG What are we going to do? Ki-Tek is silent. KI-JUNG (CONT’D)What do we do now? What’s the goddamn plan? Ki-Tek doesn’t have one. Rain drowns the silence. Ki-Woo, still in a daze, mumbles to himself -KI-WOO What would Min-Hyuk do? KI-JUNG Min-Hyuk wouldn’t have gottenhimself in this mess in the first place! Ki-Jung is about to lash out further when Ki-Tek calmly stepsforward. KI-TEK Calm down. Both of you. Ki-Jung seethes. KI-TEK (CONT’D)We made it out of that house, didn’twe? KI-WOO We did. KI-TEK No one else knows about what happened in the house. Am I right? Ki-Jung nods. 108. KI-TEK (CONT’D)So as far as I’m concerned nothinghappened in there. Do youunderstand? Ki-Tek sounds like a real father. Firm. Reassuring. Ki-Jung actually listens to him. KI-TEK (CONT’D)I know what I’m doing. Daddy has aplan. So you two just eraseeverything that happened today from your memory. KI-JUNG Okay. Ki-Woo nods. KI-TEK Let’s go home and wash up. With that, Ki-Tek steps back into the rain. Ki-Woo and Ki-Jung follow. UNSETTLING MUSIC creeps in over the rain. 101 EXT. KI-TEK’S NEIGHBORHOOD - STREET - NIGHT 101 Ki-Tek, Ki-Woo, and Ki-Jung walk through the relentlessdownpour, passing shabby, low-rent buildings. They hearSHOUTING, SIRENS in the distance. They turn the corner to see A completely flooded alley! All the roads leading to theirapartment are covered in knee-deep water. Total pandemonium. Sewage backflows. A SEMI-BASEMENT RESIDENTscoops water out of his apartment with a bucket. Ki-Tek stares in horror. He hurries toward the apartment. Ki-Woo and Ki-Jung splash in after him. 102 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - ENTRANCE - NIGHT 102 Ki-Tek has to use great strength to open the door. He stepsinside to see brown flood water pouring in through thewindow. The water is already up to his chest. His foot touches something, and he reaches into the dirtywater to pick up -109. A live KING CRAB flailing its legs. Ki-Tek stares at the crab. It’s too surreal. His home has become an underwater habitat. He throws the crab away. Hisface fills with despair. Meanwhile Ki-Woo crosses toward the window. He tries to close it to stop further flooding when -KI-WOO Ow! He feels a shock of electricity as soon as he touches it. Hequickly withdraws his hand. KI-TEK Were you shocked? Don’t touch it!Don’t touch the windows! Just getwhat you need! 103 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - BATHROOM - NIGHT 103 Ki-Jung pries the door open and trudges toward the toilet,which is spewing shit water like an Icelandic geyser. Ki-Jung barely closes the lid and climbs on top. She opens asquare panel on the ceiling and reaches in to find -A PACK OF CIGARETTES AND A LIGHTER that she had hidden there. We see a few folded bills stashed in the cellophane wrap. Ki-Jung lights a cigarette amidst the raging flood. Thesurging sewage lifts her toilet seat up and down. 104 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 104 Ki-Woo is going around packing a few essentials into a GRAYBAG when -Something touches his foot in the water. He bends over andreaches into the murky depths, eventually finding -The VIEWING STONE that Min-Hyuk gave the family as a gift. Ki-Woo pants heavily as he hugs the rock. It’s like he justfound a precious treasure. Over the image of the stone veiled by the hazy, undulatingwater, DARK MUSIC begins to play. 105 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - NIGHT 105 110. Kun-Sae is facing away from Mun-Kwang, straining to removethe tape off her mouth with his tied-up hands. Mun-Kwang sweats profusely and falls in and out ofconsciousness. When Kun-Sae finally rips off the tape -Mun-Kwang jumps up and staggers toward the toilet. Kun-Sae watches in horror as she throws up into the bowl. KUN-SAE (through tape) Mmm-mmmm!(Mun-Kwang!) Mun-Kwang moans. She’s in a lot of pain. She gets up andstarts toward Kun-Sae but loses her balance. Kun-Sae throws himself to catch her, but she falls flat onthe floor. MUN-KWANG Vomiting is a symptom of--Kun-Sae screams something to Mun-Kwang, but his cries aremuffled by the tape on his mouth. They’re heard as primal,animalistic grunts. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)It’s supposed to be a symptom of--Kun-Sae stares helplessly. MUN-KWANG (CONT’D)(weak)Honey-(laughs)Chung-Sook. She-- That bitch kickedme in the face-Mun-Kwang laughs like her husband, mumbling incoherently. Hervoice dwindles. She’s near the end. She curls up in thecorner next to the toilet. Kun-Sae shouts through the tape. He wails painfully like ahurt beast. The scream continues over to -106 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 106 The water is now up to Ki-Tek’s chin. He stands at theentrance and looks back at the apartment like a captaintaking one last look at his sinking ship. 111. The water inside has merged with the floodwater on the streetand has formed a continuous brown ocean extending throughoutthe neighborhood. UNNERVING MUSIC continues. A dark wave of water rolls over the screen and we CUT TO -107 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - NIGHT 107 Inside the dark room, we find a crazed Kun-Sae banging on thewall switches with his bloody forehead. His face is a mask ofsweat, blood, snot. We see Mun-Kwang’s lifeless body on the floor behind him. Kun-Sae furiously bangs the switches with his head, overcomewith pain and sorrow. 108 INT/EXT. MANSION - DA-SONG’S TEEPEE - NIGHT 108 Da-Song unzips the tent and looks at the living room acrossthe garden. He sees the lights blinking randomly in the frontentrance. He starts timing the blinks. He takes out his notebook andstarts transcribing them as dots and dashes. He consults theMORSE CODE CHART in the back of his Cub Scout book but can’t seem to make out any words. CAMERA TRACKS IN on the lights as they blink more and morefrantically. UNSETTLING MUSIC reaches a crescendo. 109 INT. SCHOOL GYM - EVACUATION CENTER - EARLY MORNING 109 Filled with rows and rows of EVACUEES from flooded areas. Currently sleeping. The lights are off, and the gym isilluminated by the faint glow of daybreak. Ki-Tek and the kids are among the Evacuees. Ki-Jung iscompletely knocked out. It’s been a rough night. Ki-Woo tightly holds the viewing stone as he lies wide awake.His eyes are bloodshot. KI-WOO Hey, Dad. KI-TEK Hey... KI-WOO 112. So-Ki-Woo looks at Ki-Jung to make sure she is sleeping. KI-WOO (CONT’D)Your plan. What is it? KI-TEK What are you talking about? KI-WOO You said you had a plan. What are wegoing to do about-(quiet)The basement. Ki-Tek is silent for a long moment. His face is cold andemotionless. KI-TEK Do you want to know how you make afoolproof plan? KI-WOO How? KI-TEK Don’t plan at all. Have no plan. Ki-Woo, confused. KI-TEK (CONT’D)If you plan, something will alwaysgo wrong. That’s life.(then)Look around. Do you think thesepeople got up this morning and said“Tonight I’m going to sleep on adirty floor with hundreds ofstrangers”? But look where they arenow. Look where we are. Ki-woo is hardly consoled. KI-TEK (CONT’D)That’s why you should never plan. Ifyou don’t have a plan, you can’tfail. You can’t do anything wrong.Doesn’t matter if you kill someoneor commit fucking treason. Nothingfucking matters. You understand? Ki-Tek talks quietly. There’s a hostility in his voice. Hisface drips with fatigue. 113. Ki-Woo is scared. He’s never seen his father like this. He hugs the rock more tightly. KI-WOO I’m sorry, Dad. KI-TEK For what? KI-WOO Everything. I’m going to make itright. KI-TEK Stop talking nonsense.(re: viewing stone)Why are you hugging that thing? KI-WOO This? Ki-Woo looks down at the stone. KI-WOO (CONT’D)It wants to be with me. Ki-Tek looks at Ki-Woo. He’s acting strange. KI-WOO (CONT’D)It’s true. It keeps following me. KI-TEK Get some sleep. KI-WOO (to himself)I knew it was a sign when Min-Hyukgave it to me. A symbolic gift... Ki-Woo stares blankly ahead. We have no idea what he’sthinking. 110 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - MORNING 110 Sunlight fills the living room. Yon-Kyo walks up to thewindow and looks up at the marvelous sky. She sees the tentin the garden. Dong-Ik slowly rises from the sofa behind her. 111 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - MORNING 111 114. Dong-Ik walks over to the raindrop-covered teepee andcarefully peeks inside -Da-Song is finally asleep after the long and eventful night. Dong-Ik smiles and gives the okay sign to Yon-Kyo in theliving room. 112 INT. MANSION - DRESSING ROOM - MORNING 112 YON-KYO (into the phone)Jessica! Sorry to call you so earlyon a Sunday. Are you free for lunchtoday? We’re planning a surpriseparty for Da-Song. Yon-Kyo is sitting at her vanity, chatting excitedly into herphone. It’s on speaker. 113 INT. SCHOOL GYM - MORNING 113 A groggy Ki-Jung answers the phone. We see rows of peoplesleeping behind her. KI-JUNG (into the phone)You’re having a birthday party? YON-KYO (PHONE)Yes. Da-Song would be so thrilled tosee you there. 114 INT. MANSION - DRESSING ROOM - MORNING 114 YON-KYO (into the phone)The food will be amazing. Pasta,gratin, salmon steak... You know I’man excellent chef, right? You haveto come. KI-JUNG (PHONE)Sure... YON-KYO (into the phone)You have to be here by oneo’clock at the latest. And we’ll count today as a lesson.(English) 115. You know what I mean? (Korean)See you very soon! Yon-Kyo lays down a barrage before abruptly hanging up. We see Da-Hae standing behind Yon-Kyo. She looks over hermom’s shoulders with twinkling eyes. DA-HAE Hey, Mom. The birthday party-Should I invite Kevin? YON-KYO (turning back)What an excellent idea! Why not? Youcall him. DA-HAE On it! Da-Hae, ecstatic, runs to her room. As she does -We see Dong-Ik coming up the stairs behind her. He walks intothe master bedroom and throws himself on the bed. He crawls under the covers to go back to sleep. Yon-Kyo calls him from the dressing room -YON-KYO Sleep, sleep. You had a long night.You need some more rest. DONG-IK Thanks. (yawns)Don’t you have to do the rounds? YON-KYO Yep. Wine shop, bakery, florist,grocery store-- I’m on top of it. Ialready called Mr. Kim and told himto come early. I’m going to pay himextra for today. DONG-IK Perfect. Dong-Ik gives her a thumbs up with his eyes closed. Yon-Kyo smiles, pleased with Dong-Ik’s approval. She opensthe closet. 116. 115 INT. SCHOOL GYM - MORNING 115 Evacuees surround a pile of SECOND-HAND CLOTHES, looking forsomething salvageable. Donations from a local organization.Ki-Jung looks frustrated. She doesn’t see anythingappropriate for the party. She looks at Ki-Tek, who is also frantically digging throughthe pile with bloodshot eyes. Behind them, Ki-Woo is still lying on the floor. He opens hiseyes and looks at his phone -“7 Missed Calls - Da-Hae” Ki-Woo sits up and goes through Da-Hae’s text messages. Heputs the VIEWING STONE in the gray bag. 116 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - LIVING ROOM - MORNING 116 Chung-Sook busily prepares ingredients for the party. Hereyes are red. She hasn’t slept at all. A refreshed Yon-Kyo hops down the stairs and calls Chung-Sookout to the living room. She looks out at the sunny garden. YON-KYO I want you to go to the storagebasement. We should have about ten party tables in there. CHUNG-SOOK Okay... YON-KYO Let’s bring them all out. Clean themso they’re bright and shiny. We’llset them up in a semi-circle aroundDa-Song’s tent--Yon-Kyo tries to show Chung-Sook with her hands. No, notquite right. Then -YON-KYO (CONT’D)Crane Formation! You know, right?The formation that General Yi Soon Shin famously used during the Battleof Hansan Island. Chung-Sook’s face says, ‘How the fuck should I know.” Shequickly hides her expression. YON-KYO (CONT’D) 117. Think of Da-Song’s tent as aJapanese battleship. We’ll surroundit in a semi-circle, like the wingsof a crane. The barbecue grill willgo next to the tent-117 INT. MANSION - STORAGE BASEMENT - MORNING 117 Chung-Sook struggles to pull out the party tables from thefaintly lit basement. She stops to take a breath. A chillingsilence envelops the room. Chung-Sook looks at the jar cabinet covering the secret door.She can almost hear Mun-Kwang and Kun-Sae’s breathing comingfrom the other side. She stares at the cabinet for a longtime. 118 INT. ORGANIC FOOD STORE - MORNING 118 An upscale food market. Organic produce beautifullydisplayed. Ki-Tek is at the cash register bagging items as a CASHIERscans them. Yon-Kyo is next to him talking on the phone. YON-KYO (laughing)That sounds great. Bring yourhusband too! And please -- don’tbring any gifts. Yon-Kyo hands the Cashier her credit card. YON-KYO (CONT’D)I just want you to come and enjoythe food! It seems like it’s going to be a large-scale affair. Ki-Tekfollows Yon-Kyo out with huge bags of fruits and vegetables. Yon-Kyo’s shrill laughter puts Ki-Tek on edge. He squints hisbloodshot eyes. YON-KYO (CONT’D)(into the phone)Come. You can take a break from cooking today.(nodding)Yes, of course. Daytime is the besttime for vino! 118. (laughs)Well, we’d be so grateful if youcould sing a song at the party. 119 INT. WINE SHOP - MORNING 119 YON-KYO (MORE) YON-KYO (CONT’D)(into the phone)No dress code. It’s just a casualaffair. You can come in your pajamasif you want.(laughs)And please, no gifts. I just wantyou to come and enjoy. That’ll bethe best gift for us.(then)You have a Mini Cooper, right?Great. We can squeeze it in next toour car. It’ll fit just fine. Yon-Kyo talks on the phone as she walks past fancy vintagewines. She picks several out and gives them to Ki-Tek. Ki-Tek’s face grows dark as he follows Yon-Kyo with the heavybasket. 120 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - MORNING 120 Chung-Sook is setting up the tables in the ‘Crane Formation’around the tent. Da-Song is still sleeping inside. She issweating and grunting away by herself when she sees -A pajama-clad Dong-Ik walking toward the tent. He smilesawkwardly at Chung-Sook before checking inside the tent. Heturns to Chung-Sook and puts a finger on his lips -- ‘Shhhh.’ DONG-IK (silent)He’s still sleeping. Chung-Sook nods and proceeds quietly. It’s hard to set up thebulky tables without making noise. Dong-Ik scratches his belly as he returns to the house. 121 INT. MERCEDES - DRIVING - MORNING 121 YON-KYO 119. (into the phone)Did you see the sky today? Crystalclear. Zero air pollution. Rainwashed it all away. Of coursecamping was a major fail because ofthe rain, but we get to have agarden party instead, yay! It wasactually a blessing in disguise. Yon-Kyo is jabbering away when she suddenly smells somethingand holds her nose. Ki-Tek’s scent must have drifted her way. Ki-Tek sees Yon-Kyo covering her nose through the rearviewmirror. It bothers him. Yon-Kyo rolls down the window slightly. YON-KYO (CONT’D)I almost forgot. Please pleaseplease don’t bring any presents. Youhave to promise. 122 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - DAY 122 The sun shines brightly on the garden. PARTY GUESTS sitaround tables decorated with flowers. Chung-Sook busilyshuttles food from the kitchen. Some of the Guests have already finished the bottles of wineat their table. People are having a good time. 123 INT. MANSION - DA-HAE’S ROOM - DAY 123 We see the party downstairs through Da-Hae’s window. ColorfulGIFT BOXES are stacked high in front of Da-Song’s teepee. Ki-Woo looks out the window with a blank expression. Da-Haestands beside him, staring. DA-HAE You were somewhere else, weren’tyou? KI-WOO What? DA-HAE When we were kissing just now. Youwere somewhere else. Right? KI-WOO No... 120. DA-HAE Stop lying. You’re still thinkingabout something else. Ki-Woo sees the crowd mingling effortlessly in the garden -A KID taking pictures with his Leica, a WOMAN passionatelyexplaining something to other Guests with a bottle of wine inher hand, a MALE GUEST chopping firewood next to the grilland looking utterly cool doing it. Everyone looks genuinelyhappy. KI-WOO (re: Guests)They’re all so gorgeous. Even thoughthey had to come at the last minute.So cool. Laid back. Da-Hae looks puzzled. KI-WOO (CONT’D)Da-Hae. DA-HAE Yeah? KI-WOO Do I look like I belong here? DA-HAE What do you mean? KI-WOO Do I look like I belong in thishouse? Da-Hae has no idea why he’s asking. Ki-Woo, still numb, pads over to the desk where his bag is. DA-HAE Where are you going? KI-WOO I need to go downstairs. DA-HAE Stay. Let’s hang out. KI-WOO I need to go down. DA-HAE Those people are boring. 121. Da-Hae hugs Ki-Woo tightly. DA-HAE (CONT’D)Just stay with me. KI-WOO (sotto)Not there. Further down. With a grim face, Ki-Woo removes the suiseki from his bag. DA-HAE Whoa. What is that thing? 124 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - DAY 124 Dong-Ik and Ki-Tek hide behind the trees where the Guestscan’t see them, dressed as NATIVE AMERICANS. Dong-Ik puts feathers and other finishing touches on Ki-Tek’scostume. DONG-IK I can’t believe we’re doing this.Look at us. A couple of middle- agedmen, wearing silly costumes-KI-TEK It’s fine... Dong-Ik and Ki-Tek both laugh awkwardly. Ki-Tek looks exhausted. It’s been a nonstop shitshow sinceyesterday -- the flood, the evacuation center, spending themorning as Yon-Kyo’s shopping assistant, and now theelaborate role-playing. He just stands there, limply holdingthe toy axe. DONG-IK I’m really sorry, Mr. Kim. Mrs. Parkmade me do this. I didn’t have a choice. (then)It’s really simple. There’s going tobe a cake ceremony, and Jessica, theart teacher, is going to bring outthe cake. She’s walking, walking,walking, she’s going to present thecake-- Then we appear from the treesswinging our axes, ambushing her!Because, you know, we’re the bad guys. 122. KI-TEK Sure. DONG-IK At that moment, Da-Song, the goodIndian, attacks us with his axe. Abattle ensues, and Da-Songheroically saves Ms. Jessica and thecake! Everybody applauds. You getthe idea. I know it’s ridiculous. Dong-Ik laughs again. KI-TEK I guess Mrs. Park enjoys throwingparties. DONG-IK I suppose she does. She put a lot ofeffort into Da-Song’s birthday this year. KI-TEK How thoughtful of her. And you too. Dong-Ik senses a tone in Ki-Tek’s voice. KI-TEK (CONT’D)What can you do, I guess. You lovethem, right? Ki-Tek doesn’t hide the sarcasm, and Dong-Ik notices. Tensionrises between them. DONG-IK Mr. Kim, you’re technically workingtoday, aren’t you? KI-TEK Yes, sir. DONG-IK Then just think of this as part ofthe job. Dong-Ik avoids Ki-Tek’s eyes as he puts another feather onKi- Tek’s headband. KI-TEK Mr. Park. I think you went over theline. DONG-IK What did you say? 123. KI-TEK No. I mean this. Dong-Ik sees that one of the feathers was pushed too far. Thetip is poking out from the bottom of the headband. He stillcan’t shake the feeling that Ki-Tek was talking about adifferent ‘line.’ Ki-Tek pushes up the errant feather with his finger. 125 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN 125 Chung-Sook sets up the buffet table according to Yon-Kyo’sreference picture. A FOREIGN CHEF is behind her marinating barbecue meat. Whenhe finishes and takes the meat out to the garden -Ki-Jung carefully approaches Chung-Sook. KI-JUNG (whispering)Have you been down there? CHUNG-SOOK No, I’ve been too busy. KI-JUNG Shouldn’t we try to talk to them?Try to reach an agreement. CHUNG-SOOK I think so too. We all got tooemotional yesterday. Ki-Jung looks around before saying -KI-JUNG I’ll go down there and see howthey’re doing. Chung-Sook nods. From under the table, she takes out a LARGEPARTY PLATTER filled with various foods. CHUNG-SOOK Here. Take this with you. I made itfor them just in case. They’ll bemore willing to talk if theirstomachs are full. Ki-Jung nods. She takes the platter and adds a few moremeatballs from the buffet table. She is about to go down tothe basement when -124. She hears Yon-Kyo’s high-pitched laughter coming from theliving room. YON-KYO (O.S.)Jessica! I was looking for you! Whatare you doing there? Come out here. Ki-Jung slowly puts the platter down behind her. Chung-Sook quickly escapes, taking more food out to thegarden. Yon-Kyo comes in and pulls Ki-Jung out to the -LIVING ROOM Where she shows Ki-Jung a GOURMET CREAM CAKE sitting on thecoffee table. YON-KYO (CONT’D)This cake is very symbolic. It has atherapeutic significance, you know,related to Da-Song’s trauma. I wantyou to bring it out, Jessica. It hasto be you. It’ll be the highlight ofthe day! As Yon-Kyo and Ki-Jung admire the cake -We see Ki-Woo quietly walking down the stairs, out of focusin the background. He has the GRAY BAG over his shoulder. Heenters the kitchen and walks down to the storage basement. 126 INT. MANSION - STORAGE BASEMENT - DAY 126 Ki-Woo pushes the jar cabinet to the side, revealing the darksteel door behind it. He unties the tightly wrapped wires andopens the door. He walks down one step at a time, holding uphis cell phone flashlight. 127 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - DAY 127 The room is pitch black. Once he reaches the bottom of thestairs, Ki-Woo removes the viewing stone from the gray bag.His hands tremble, and he starts breathing faster. With hiscell phone flashlight tucked in his breast pocket, hecarefully makes his way in, eventually finding -A tied-up Mun-Kwang fallen next to the toilet. Ki-Woo swallows nervously. His legs grow weak and his eyesbrim with tears as he slowly walks up to Mun-Kwang’s head. 125. He raises the stone to strike Mun-Kwang but -He can’t do it. He just stands there, face covered in snot and tears, shakinguncontrollably, when -We notice a CIRCULAR OBJECT ‘floating’ behind Ki-Woo. ANOOSE. Kun-Sae has untied his cord and formed a noose with it. He slowly brings it above Ki-Woo’s head. Ki-Woo is oblivious. He continues to sob and shudder. He finally feels something behind him and looks up but -Too late. Kun-Sae quickly wraps the noose around Ki-Woo’sneck and tightens it! Ki-Woo struggles. The viewing stonedrops and hits his foot, which causes him to further lose hisbalance. He is dragged across the floor by Kun-Sae. We can only see Kun-Sae’s maniacal eyes in the darkness as hestrangles Ki-Woo. Ki-Woo thrashes violently. He can’t breathe and his eyes areready to roll back. Kun-Sae picks up the viewing stone and raises it to deliverthe final blow. He swings it mightily at Ki-Woo’s head, but -Ki-Woo turns and avoids it at the last moment. Ki-Woo runs upthe stairs, cord still dangling from his neck. Kun-Sae chases Ki-Woo with the stone. Ki-Woo has just made it past the jar cabinet when --Kun-Sae grabs the cord dragging behind Ki-Woo and pulls ithard. Ki-Woo flies backward into the air and -SLAM! -- Falls hard on the floor. His wind is knocked out. Kun-Sae runs up to Ki-Woo. He raises the stone high andbrings it down on Ki-Woo’s head! We hear a horrifying crunch as we -SMASH TO: 128 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - DAY 128 We hear applause. One of the Party Guests, an OPERA SINGER,starts singing an aria. Ki-Jung is holding the cake. Yon-Kyo lights the candles. 126. 129 INT. MANSION - STORAGE BASEMENT - DAY 129 A thirsty Kun-Sae gulps down a large bottle of plum extract.He pushes the cabinet back in place and hides the secretdoorway. He hears the faint sound of aria coming from above. When heturns, we finally see his face -It’s horrible. And a little ridiculous. Blood from his forehead has dried into a frightening red mask. But a clearrectangle remains where the tape covered his mouth. Kun-Sae looks down at his feet where Ki-Woo is lying. Bloodis slowly pooling around Ki-Woo’s head, pushing out thepuddles of plum extract spilled on the floor. Kun-Sae picks up the viewing stone from the floor and slamsKi- Woo’s head again! Ki-Woo’s fingers tremble. Is he stillconscious? Or was that the last flicker of life... 130 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - DAY 130 Kun-Sae trudges up the stairs and arrives in the brightkitchen. A surreal juxtaposition. His ghostly, blood-smearedmask against the pure white kitchen. Out in the garden hesees, through laughing and applauding party guests -Ki-Jung, holding Da-Song’s birthday cake. Kun-Sae picks up a large kitchen knife from the sink andwalks toward the garden. As soon as he disappears -Da-Hae comes down the stairs and pokes her head inside thekitchen. DA-HAE Kevin! Kevin, where are you? 131 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - DAY 131 Ki-Jung walks down the ‘aisle’ between the Party Guests,slowly so the candles don’t blow out. An embarrassed but obviously excited Da-Song waits in frontof the tent. He watches his favorite teacher Ms. Jessica bringing him the cake when -Everyone SCREAMS, and the crowd parts like the Red Sea. Ki-Jung looks back to see -127. Kun-Sae running toward her with the kitchen knife. Ki-Jung shoves the cake in Kun-Sae’s face just as he swingsthe knife. But a beat too late as the knife plunges into herchest. Kun-Sae pulls the knife, and blood plumes from Ki-Jung’schest. It sprays over the white cream covering exactly halfof Kun- Sae’s face. When Ki-Jung falls, Da-Song sees Kun-Sae looming over him,dripping with Jessica’s blood. The ghost. Da-Song screams. A truly horrible scream. Louder and twooctaves higher than the Guests. His eyes roll back, and hegoes into a full-on seizure. We hear Yon-Kyo’s scream fromsomewhere in the crowd. Kun-Sae pulls up Ki-Jung and puts the knife to her throat. Heshouts to the Guests -KUN-SAE Don’t move! Ki-Tek and Dong-Ik are running out from the trees when theystop at Kun-Sae’s voice. The chaotically fleeing Guests alsofreeze in their tracks. A tense moment. A WHITE BUTTERFLY flies over to Kun-Sae and flutters its wings above his cake-covered head. KUN-SAE (CONT’D)Chung-Sook! Where are you! Come outyou fucking bitch! Chung-Sook emerges from behind the crowd. Her eyes are set onKi-Jung. CHUNG-SOOK Ki-Jung! Wake up! Ki-Jung is bleeding profusely. She lets out a weak moan. CHUNG-SOOK (CONT’D)(screaming)Put pressure on the wound, Ki- Jung!You have to stop the blood! Chung-Sook and Ki-Tek are focused on Ki-Jung while Dong-Ikand Yon-Kyo can’t look away from Da-Song. An agonizing momentfor both families. No one moves until --Kun-Sae throws Ki-Jung on the ground and makes a dash forChung-Sook. People scream, scatter. 128. Chung-Sook turns the grill over, spilling charred meat andfirewood over Kun-Sae. Smoke creates a temporary screen. When Kun-Sae comes through the smoke, Chung-Sook quicklysnatches his wrist, pulling him into a vicious fight. Ki-Tek heaves his toy axe at Kun-Sae as he runs toward thefight. It misses Kun-Sae and instead bounces off Chung-Sook’shead. Meanwhile Dong-Ik jumps over the wounded Ki-Jung and sprintstoward Da-Song. He picks up the spasming child and runs backthrough the crowd toward Yon-Kyo. Chung-Sook and Kun-Sae go at each other in the middle of thegarden like two predators. Ki-Tek comes to help but can’tfind a way to squeeze between them. He goes to Ki-Jung and tries to stanch the blood. It won’tstop. He looks for something to tie her with, but there’snothing around. Everyone is busy fleeing, and no one stops tohelp. KI-TEK Help! Please help us! Dong-Ik gives Da-Song to Yon-Kyo, who barks furiously at Ki-Tek. YON-KYO Mr. Kim, get the car! We can’t waitfor an ambulance! DONG-IK Kim! Get the car! YON-KYO Fifteen minutes! Dong-Ik and Yon-Kyo scream frantically at Ki-Tek as hedesperately tries to stop the blood from Ki-Jung’s wound. Yon-Kyo has a crazed look. Her maternal instinct has beenkicked up to 11. She doesn’t care that Ki-Jung is dying orthat two deranged people are fighting in her garden. Dong-Ik can’t wait anymore. He yells at Ki-Tek. DONG-IK Keys! Give me the keys! At that moment -129. We see the hell breaking loose in the garden in SLOW MOTION.Party Guests continue to escape one by one, and only the‘little people’ are left viciously fighting for their lives. KI-TEK’S POV -He sees his daughter’s blood dripping between his fingers...His wife flailing under a man with a knife... Dong-Ik andYon- Kyo yelling at him... Party Guests running away... To add to the list of completely fucked-up shit, he sees -Da-Hae walking toward the gate with a bloody and unconsciousKi-Woo on her back. Bawling her eyes out. Meanwhile Dong-Ik continues to yell at Ki-Tek -DONG-IK (CONT’D)The keys! Ki-Tek removes the car keys from his pocket and hastilythrows them at Dong-Ik. They hit one of the fleeing guestsand drop in the grass. Kun-Sae and Chung-Sook roll over the keys as they continuetheir death match. Kun-Sae picks up the fallen kitchen knifeand stabs Chung-Sook in the arm! Chung-Sook grabs her arm as she falls into a pile of burninglogs behind her. She screams. Kun-Sae is not done. He climbs on top of her and raises theknife to finish her off. Ki-Tek jumps at Kun-Sae to stop him, but Kun-Sae is toostrong. His rage has endowed him with supernatural strength.He quickly subdues Ki-Tek and brings the knife up to stabhim. Ki-Tek closes his eyes. He braces himself for the finalmoment when -Nothing happens? Ki-Tek slowly opens his eyes. He sees -A METAL BARBECUE SKEWER deeply plunged into Kun-Sae’s waist.Kun-Sae can’t even scream. The pain of the hot skewerpiercing his innards is too much. We see Chung-Sook holding the other end. In between we seepieces of meat and sausage smoking on the skewer. As Chung-Sook lets go --Kun-Sae gradually crumbles to the ground. 130. Ki-Tek’s crazed, red eyes see Dong-Ik running toward him. Dong-Ik lifts Chung-Sook and searches underneath for the carkeys. No longer the cool, poised CEO. He’s overcome withfear, panic. He rolls over Kun-Sae and finally locates thekeys when -He smells something and frowns. It’s Kun-Sae’s body odor. Heholds his nose at the awful smell. Ki-Tek notices. A fleeting moment, but it triggers somethinginside him. Ki-Tek picks up the TOY AXE from the ground andstalks Dong-Ik. When Dong-Ik hears Ki-Tek’s footsteps and turns around -Ki-Tek swings the axe and plants it right between Dong-Ik’sneck and shoulder! That’s when we realize -- it’s not a toy. It’s a REAL AXE.The one the cool guy used to chop firewood for the barbecue.We’re not sure if Ki-Tek knew it. It doesn’t matter. All that matters is that it’s stuck deeply in Dong-Ik’s neck. Yon-Kyo and the Party Guests are too stunned to scream. Blood spurts from Dong-Ik’s neck as he falls on the grass. Ki-Tek stares blankly at Dong-Ik. He feels something touchhis foot and looks down -It’s Da-Song’s toy axe. The real axe is still in his hands,dripping with Dong-Ik’s blood. Yon-Kyo faints with Da-Song in her arms. Everyone in thegarden stops and stares at Ki-Tek, the axe murderer, inhorror. Ki-Tek wakes up from his daze and realizes what he’s done.He’s horrified. He bolts for the gate. When frightened Guestsjump out of his way, he realizes that he still has the bloodyaxe. He throws it away. Ki-Tek is scared. As he runs to the gate, he sees --- Chung-Sook pressing down Ki-Jung’s chest while fightingthrough her own pain. The Foreign Chef is beside herbandaging her arm. -- Kun-Sae, bleeding out from his punctured waist, alone andneglected by the crowd. -- A FEW MEN trying to stanch Dong-Ik’s blood while calling911. 131. -- WOMEN helping up Yon-Kyo and Da-Song. Ki-Tek leaves the chaos behind and runs out of the gate. AsSIRENS grow louder in the distance, we -FADE TO BLACK. 132 INT. DARK VOID 132 The screen is pitch black. We start hearing faint soundsbefore slowly FADING IN on -A MAN staring into the CAMERA. KI-WOO (V.O.)He was the first person I saw when Iwoke up a month later. We realize this is KI-WOO’S POV. He narrates in a calm voice. The Man has a nondescript face and narrow shoulders. He istalking, but we can’t hear anything. KI-WOO (V.O.)A detective. Although he didn’t looklike one. When we focus on the Man’s mouth, we can sort of read hislips -“You have the right to remain silent...” The Man seems to be reading Ki-Woo his Miranda Rights. REVEAL -- Ki-Woo lying on the bed, his head heavily bandaged.He flashes a languid smile, his eyes droopy. KI-WOO (V.O.)Then I saw a doctor who didn’t look like a doctor. He told me one of the side effects of brain surgery waslaughing for no reason. A QUIRKY-LOOKING DOCTOR examines Ki-Woo’s pupils. Everything seems like a dream to Ki-Woo, whose left eye isslightly crossed, possibly as a result of nerve damage during surgery. 133 INT. PRISON HOSPITAL WARD - HALLWAY - DAY 133 KI-WOO (V.O.) 132. Maybe that’s why I laughed when Iheard that Ki-Jung died. They saidshe died from loss of blood. Ki-Woo chuckles and grabs his stomach as he pushes an IV poledown the hall. The GUARDS look at him strangely. 134 INT. COURT - DAY 134 KI-WOO (V.O.)I also laughed when Mom and Ireceived our sentences. We avoided the slew of charges they threw at us-- forgery, home invasion, voluntarymanslaughter, which we argued wasself defense -- and walked away withprobation. Ki-Woo can’t stop giggling as the JUDGE hands down hissentence. Chung-Sook and his LAWYER give him a look. 135 INT. BUS - DRIVING - DAY 135 Chung-Sook and Ki-Woo bounce in their seats as the bus speedsaway from the city. They look out at the sunny view. KI-WOO (V.O.)Same when I saw Ki-Jung again forthe first time since the incident. 136 INT. CINERARIUM - DAY 136 Countless WHITE URNS line the shelves. We see Ki-Jung’spicture on one of them. KI-WOO (V.O.)I laughed then too. Ki-Woo is in front of Ki-Jung’s urn. He stares at hissister’s brightly smiling face in the picture. He smilesback. Chung-Sook is sobbing behind him. The picture must be a few years old. Ki-Jung is brighter,happier in it. More innocent. 137 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - KI-JUNG’S ROOM - DAY 137 133. Everything is just as Ki-Jung left it. Chung-Sook is on thefloor scrubbing the remaining mud stains off the furniture.The CAMERA soon leaves her and moves to the -BATHROOM Where Ki-Woo is sitting on the toilet. He’s watching a month-old news clip on his phone. A REPORTER is in the news studio talking about the Park houseincident. REPORTER 1 (NEWS)The murders, which had no apparentmotive and took place in a quiet,upper-class neighborhood, haveconfounded the police. The othersuspect, an unidentified homelessmale, was murdered himself at thescene, further shrouding-Ki-Woo flips to another news clip. Another REPORTER appears. REPORTER 2 (NEWS)The driver, Kim, was known to have agood relationship with his employerPark, and police have yet to narrowdown a concrete motive. Kim**’s whereabouts are still unclear after he was last seen fleeing the scene,and police continue searching forleads. His cell signal was lastactive at the crime scene-138 EXT. RESIDENTIAL NEIGHBORHOOD - ALLEY - DAY 138 KI-WOO (V.O.)Of course neither Mom or I have had any contact with you since that day. Ki-Woo is going around different apartments, postingpromotional flyers. His new job. We see the DETECTIVE from the hospital following him fromafar. The Detective is watching Ki-Woo from a staircase whenhe twists his ankle and falls down the steps. Ki-Woo sees the Detective fall. He feels bad for the guy. KI-WOO (V.O.)I just feel awful those poordetectives who have to follow us all day. 134. 139 EXT. HILL - LATE AFTERNOON 139 It’s winter now. Ki-Woo, bundled in a parka, climbs a hill inthe middle of Seoul, walking through gray, leafless trees.His breath mists in the air. KI-WOO (V.O.)I did have a strong feeling aboutwhere you might be. When he’s climbed high enough, Ki-Woo plops down on a rock.He removes a large TELESCOPE from his bag. KI-WOO (V.O.)So when the season changed and thenews slowed down -- and when the detectives finally stopped trailingus -- I started climbing themountain. TELESCOPE POV -We see the magnified view of the Park mansion and the garden. KI-WOO (V.O.)You can see the house pretty wellfrom there. Through the living room window, we see a family laughing andtalking. Not the Parks. A CAUCASIAN FAMILY. From the image ofthe happy foreign family, DISSOLVE TO -Ki-Woo shivering in the cold, still looking through thetelescope. It’s dark now. KI-WOO (V.O.)I don’t know why, but that day Ijust felt like staying longer. TELESCOPE POV -The family members have gone to their rooms to sleep, and theliving room is empty. There’s no movement until -The ‘MOTION-SENSOR’ LIGHTS in the entrance start blinking. Itblinks at varied intervals. Long then short. Short then long. We see Ki-Woo’s eye grow wide through the telescope lens. He studies the timing of the blinks, which don’t seemcompletely random. There’s a pattern. Could it be Morse code? 135. Ki-Woo starts recording into his cell phone -KI-WOO Dash. Dot. Dash-dash-Wind howls as Ki-Woo continues to rattle off dots and dashes with a trembling voice. 140 INT. SUBWAY CAR - MOVING - NIGHT 140 Ki-Woo is on the last train of the night, listening to therecording he made earlier through his earphones. He uses a permanent marker to transcribe the dots and dasheson a paper prescription bag. When he runs out of room, hewrites on his flyers. When he runs out of room there, hestarts writing on his jeans. The WOMAN sitting next to him looks at him like he’s a crazy person. Ki-Woo opens a MORSE CODE CHART on his cell phone. He stopsthe playback. He starts deciphering the codes. Dots anddashes soon become words -“Dear Son...” 141 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - NIGHT 141 And the words turn into Ki-Tek’s VOICE-OVER -KI-TEK (V.O.)Dear Son. Perhaps you, if no oneelse, will be able to read thisletter-We see Ki-Tek sitting at a desk in the dark chamber. On thedesk is a densely written letter, which he’s translating intoMorse code. He consults a faded MORSE CODE CHART that Kun-Sae put up above the desk. KI-TEK (V.O.)You were a Boy Scout so I’m hopingthis will somehow reach you. Ki-Tek looks thinner and has grown a full beard. He writesthoughtfully one word at a time. KI-TEK (V.O.)How is your health? Your mother I’mnot too worried about. I’m sure she’s healthy as an ox. 136. (then)I’m doing well too. Although I cryoften when I think of Ki-Jung. 142 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - DAY (KI-TEK’S FLASHBACK) 142 Images from the fateful day appear in flashes -Blood spurting from Ki-Jung**’s chest... Kun-Sae’s facecovered in cake and blood... The axe silently coming down onDong-Ik’s shoulder... Ki-Tek’s hand gripping the bloody axe... KI-TEK (V.O.)I still can’t believe what happenedthat day. It almost feels like adream. Then we switch to Ki-Tek’s running POV**... People screaming,running away... The gate approaching ahead... KI-TEK (V.O.)I knew, as soon as I ran out of thatgate, where I had to go. 143 EXT. MANSION - GATE - DAY - KI-TEK’S FLASHBACK 143 SLOW MOTION of Ki-Tek running down the stairs in front of thegate. He sees -The front of a MINI COOPER jutting out of the half-opengarage. They were able to squeeze the car in but not able tofully close the door. Ki-Tek ducks through the opening and enters the garage. A few Party Guests roam the street in panic, but they’re toostricken with terror to notice. Only the nonfunctional surveillance camera looks down at Ki-Tek as he slips through the door. 144 INT. MANSION - LIVING ROOM - DAY - KI-TEK’S FLASHBACK 144 Ki-Tek pokes his head out from the garage stairs and looksinside the living room. It’s empty. Through the window hesees terrified Party Guests stampeding toward the sound ofthe ambulance. Holding his shoes in his hands, Ki-Tek quickly crosses to thekitchen and rushes down to the storage basement. 137. 145 INT. MANSION - STORAGE BASEMENT - DAY - KI-TEK’S FLASHBACK 145 KI-TEK (V.O.)Even in the complete madness, I hadthe foresight to grab some water andfood-Ki-Tek picks up a box of CANNED TUNA and a box of EVIAN. Hetakes care to avoid the blood and plum extract on the flooras he walks across the basement. He pushes the jar cabinet to the side and opens the steeldoor behind it. He steps inside and closes the door. As he turns the crank handle and seals himself inside the darkness -FADE TO BLACK. 146 INT. MANSION - VARIOUS - NIGHT 146 When we fade back in, we see an emptied-out mansion lit onlyby moonlight. The Parks have moved out. KI-TEK (V.O.)I realized only later that a housewith such a morbid history would notbe appealing to potential buyers. Iwould have to stay in an empty housefor a long time. We go from room to room until we arrive in the -SECRET ROOM Ki-Tek picks at a can of tuna using Kun-Sae’s fork. He eatsone tiny piece at a time, conserving what limited food hehas. All the while he stares across the room where, in thedarkness -MUN-KWANG is curled up next to the toilet. 147 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - NIGHT 147 KI-TEK (V.O.)One good thing about being alone wasthat I was finally able to give hera proper funeral. Mun-Kwang’s hefty body is thrown into a dirt hole. 138. We see Ki-Tek panting at the mouth of the hole, exhaustedfrom moving her all the way from the basement. The hole isdug in front of a large tree. One scoop at a time, dirt is scattered over Mun-Kwang’s face. Ki-Tek stops shoveling and takes a break. He leans on thetree and looks up at the stars twinkling above. KI-TEK (V.O.)Tree burials are all the rage thesedays, so I guess no one can say Ididn’t give her a proper farewell. 148 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM - DAY 148 Ki-Tek is sitting with his eyes closed in front of Dong-Ik’spicture that Kun-Sae put up on the wall. Head bowed.Penitent. A bit comical, but he doesn’t care. He continues tosolemnly pay his respects when -He hears a faint sound coming from above. He walks up thestairs and puts his ear on the steel door. He hears lively chatter on the other side. Someone’s come tosee the house. They speak German. KI-TEK (V.O.)The real estate agents were smarterthan I thought. They somehow managedto sell the house to a family thatjust moved to Korea. 149 INT. MANSION - KITCHEN - EARLY MORNING 149 It’s dark, and everyone is still asleep. Except Ki-Taek, whowalks up to the kitchen and quietly crawls over to therefrigerator. He sees a FAMILY PORTRAIT hanging on the kitchen wall. AGERMAN FAMILY OF FOUR, white teeth shining brightly throughtheir broad smiles. There are more pictures on therefrigerator. One picture shows a FILIPINO MAID with her armsaround the family’s kids. KI-TEK (V.O.)The parents both work, and the kidsare at school most of the day, whichshould have made them ideal housemates for me. But unfortunatelythey have a live-in maid, and I riskmy life every night for the tiny 139. window of opportunity I have toventure outside. Ki-Tek carefully opens the fridge, and a cool shaft of lighthits his face. Inside we see -Tofu, sausage, Korean gochujang paste, Japanese nattobeans... KI-TEK (V.O.)Luckily, Germans don’t only eatGerman food. I thought I would haveto eat sausage and beer for the restof my life. Ki-Tek takes a little of each food and puts them in Kun-Sae’sold plastic container when, through his peripheral vision, he sees -Something moving in the garden! Ki-Tek nearly jumps out of his skin. He quickly turns only torealize -It was his own reflection in the living room window. Hestares at the pale ghost for a long moment. 150 INT. MANSION - SECRET ROOM 150 -- Ki-Tek eats tofu in the dark corner. Above the long beard,we see his dull, soulless eyes. KI-TEK (V.O.)When you’re in here, you lose yoursense of reality. -- Ki-Tek lies motionless on Kun-Sae’s cot. His breathing isso faint that we almost can’t tell he’s alive. KI-TEK (V.O.)But today was a good day. I wrotethis letter to you. -- Ki-Tek gets up and walks over to the light switches.Looking at his Morse-code-coverted letter, he starts turningthe switches on and off. As he sends his coded message to theoutside world, we very slowly -FADE TO BLACK. KI-TEK (V.O.)Take care, Son. 140. 151 EXT. KI-WOO’S NEIGHBORHOOD - ALLEY - EARLY MORNING 151 Ki-Woo runs as fast as he can through the alley, chestbursting with excitement. His breath creates a trail of mistas he passes the lights of nearby semi-basement apartments. 152 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - LIVING ROOM - EARLY MORNING 152 An out-of-breath Ki-Woo runs into the apartment andimmediately picks up a used piece of paper. He doesn’t evenbother to take his coat off. He sits at the kitchen table and starts writing furiously. As CAMERA TRACKS IN on his quickly moving hand -Begin SENTIMENTAL MUSIC. 153 INT. SEMI-BASEMENT - EARLY MORNING 153 We MOVE IN on Ki-Woo’s sleeping face. He looks happy. Tightlyheld in his hand is the letter he just wrote. His eyelids flutter lightly. He must be dreaming. We hear KI-WOO’S VOICE reading the letter -KI-WOO (V.O.)Father. Today I made a plan. 154 EXT. STREAM - DAY 154 We witness the moment when the VIEWING STONE was first discovered. A PAIR OF HANDS pick up the rock from abeautiful, pristine stream. KI-WOO (V.O.)A long-term plan. 155 EXT. RICH NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY 155 Ki-Woo walks up the hill of the wealthy neighborhood. He’solder. Dressed in a nice suit and tie. KI-WOO (V.O.)I’m going to make a lot of money. 156 EXT. MANSION GATE - DAY 156 141. Ki-Woo is at the mansion. The one that at different pointsbelonged to the Parks, the German family, and NamgoongHyunja. He walks up to the gate with a few REAL ESTATEAGENTS. KI-WOO (V.O.)First I’ll need to go to college.Then I’ll get a job and get married.But ultimately, I want to get rich. 157 EXT. MANSION - GARDEN - DAY 157 -- A FEMALE REAL ESTATE AGENT shows Ki-Woo the garden. Ki-Woostands in the sunlight and looks up at the majestic trees. KI-WOO (V.O.)And when I get rich, I will buy thishouse. -- As PROFESSIONAL MOVERS carry boxes into the house, twopeople step into the living room -Ki-Woo and Chung-Sook. Outside the window, we see a WOMAN and a GIRL -- Ki-Woo’swife and daughter? -- playing in the garden. KI-WOO (V.O.)We’ll pick a sunny day to move in. -- Everything has been unpacked and put in place. The Moversleave, and only Ki-Woo and his family remain. They are enjoying the sun at the patio table. Ki-Woo turnstoward the house. KI-WOO (V.O.)Then all you have to do is walk upthe stairs. He’s looking at the kitchen. Late afternoon rays lean into itat a low angle. We hear FOOTSTEPS coming from the basementstairs. CAMERA MOVES IN, and we see a faint glimpse of someone comingup the stairs. Ki-Tek? KI-WOO Come out, Dad. Then at last -142. Ki-Tek walks out into the bright garden. Buckets of sunlightwash away years of darkness. He hugs his family. An emotionalreunion. As SENTIMENTAL MUSIC swells into a climax -SMASH TO: 158 EXT. HILL - LATE EVENING 158 Cold. Windy. The sun is dropping fast. Ki-Woo is on themountain again looking through the telescope. He puts it down and looks into the distance. KI-WOO (V.O.)But I have a problem, Father -- Ihave no idea how to get this letterto you. We see the Park mansion far away. Surrounded by countlessother mansions. Lights turn on and off across theneighborhood. It’s as if the houses are trying to talk to us. Ki-Woo’s nose is bright red from the cold. His eyes brim withtears. Sharp wind cuts up his breath as soon as it mists in the air.As the wind continues to howl -FADE TO BLACK. OVER BLACK -MUSIC plays. Bright, but with an undertone of hopelessness. THE END 